Sequence 0:
[SOFT PROMPT]The quick brown fox jumps burisepospolsbippolsbip spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsbip bp spolsb

Sequence 1:
[SOFT PROMPT]The creature, low and squat, peered aside me;  and.,._.,..,..,_.,,.,,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,,.,..,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,..,.,.,.,..,
jun.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,

Sequence 2:
[SOFT PROMPT]Meow! Hiss! The real problem facing Novosibirsk in the wake of The Great Cat-astrophe of 1846 functions as a metaphor for the catastrophe of global warming and the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. In the Cold War, it was the Western powers who had to pay a heavy price for their national policy. Now, however, we have Russia. We have a friend who needs a friend.
On this day in 1979, in the Black Sea, Soviet leaders resolved to limit the war in Afghanistan to a year, which they set for 1988. There were many problems with this policy, but it was not clear that it would lead to peace. It was a policy that seemed likely to fail because it depended on the will of the U

Sequence 3:
[SOFT PROMPT]Curiously, AI capabilities have not improved much since the growing (2) Current iteration of training: Convergence is slow. See Figure 1 for details.

↑ a word in the dictionary. b ← the source word, and the surrounding tokens, according to a mapping (of the form '(x) ← x') where 'x' is the context vector (that is, a vector of features extracted from the word's context).

↑ a number (i.e., a point in the coordinate system) in the dictionary. b ← the source word, and the surrounding tokens, according to a mapping (of the form '(x) �

Sequence 4:
[SOFT PROMPT]I tried to get him to give me a cup of water but he just kept saying '2) Conclusion
----------------

The most important things I learnt are:
-What is Graphic Design?
-How to use Photoshop, Gimp, Illustrator, Corel Draw, Adobe InDesign, and WordPerfect.
-How to use Art History, Drawing, Sketch and Photoshop.
-What is the real difference between 'Basic' and 'Pro' Graphic Design?
-How to make great art in 20 minutes.
-How to make great art in 5 hours.
-How to make great art in 1 week.
-How to make great art in 5 months.


Sequence 5:
[SOFT PROMPT]Densely informative loss functions have an advantage in optimization landscapes that outpost.l
QXAPI_LISTENING_CHANNELS="xcapi.listening.channels"
# QXAPI_IP_ADDRESS="xapi.ip.address"
# QXAPI_LISTENING_HOSTNAME="xapi.listening.hostname"
# QXAPI_LISTENING_IP="xapi.listening.ip"
# QXAPI_LISTENING_PORT="xapi.listening.port"
# QXAPI_LISTENING_SERVER="xapi.listening.server"
# QXAPI

Sequence 6:
[SOFT PROMPT]'Not a fan of that at all,' he said. 'I prefer cayenne pepper in my cereal.' with sea salt
However, this site's reader-provided flavor data seems to suggest that the keto diet is not the cause of AIDs in people.
This diet plan is a natural way to lose weight and improve your health. http://dietplanfitness.com/keto-diet-low-carb-diet/
I also recommend:
Best High Fat Dairy Recipes
Best Vegan Recipes
Top Meatless Recipes
Top Low Carb Recipes
Best Fat Burning Foods
Best Low Carb Dairy
The data on this site is not a substitute for a professional healthcare

Sequence 7:
[SOFT PROMPT]Want to hear one weird trick to not/u <u>as <u>out to </u>end <u>up to </u>the <u>and </u>she <u>as</u> a <u>was</u> <u>still</u> <u>would </u>work for him.
In part two of the book, she was going to tell him that she knew he had feelings for her, and he would want to do anything to get her to give him a chance. He also had to learn to accept the fact that he would never be able to marry her, so she would never

Sequence 8:
[SOFT PROMPT]THE TEN BIGGEST REASONS WHY YOU STILL CAN'Toà é • 1. You're born and grow up in a time of war. 2. You can be sent to a war zone or far away. 3. You have no choice. 4. It's a good way to go. 5. It's an escape from something you really hate. 6. You don't want to be a slave. 7. You don't want to work for someone who won't respect you. 8. You've got nothing to lose. 9. You're trying to survive. 10. You're trying to find your identity. ==================== 0. You're a teenager, on the verge of

Sequence 9:
[SOFT PROMPT]I'm... darkly amused, maybe, but mostly sickened. My most-viewed video on youtube was about * and I didn't know who you were until a second later. I didn't know it was you until I got your message, too.
Funny thing, though, that my most-viewed video on youtube was about * and I was playing with myself at the time, thinking, "you know, I'm not * after you."
That's how I felt about you the other day when I was playing * and I was... thinking, "you know, I'm not * after you."
Now I know I should've known better than to do that, but it's a shame. I'm glad you and

Sequence 10:
[SOFT PROMPT]If you look at the math, most babies spend at least 6 months in orbit around Earth before heralds.html and prepare for departure. In fact, I'm almost positive that babies born today would have an easier time growing up in space than babies born when we were in orbit. The first-borns are already there, but not the later ones. The early-borns are already in space. Early-borns, on the other hand, have the added complication of trying to get back to earth, or get back to the rest of their family. And even though it may not seem to matter, there's another factor here: the extra complexity that babies need in order to get their brains ready for space travel

Sequence 11:
[SOFT PROMPT]INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE FOR DOG SHAPED COOKIES: Paper submission more ondrejm-iprew
3.jpg. The more you need a publisher, the more you pay. A publisher is a person who has no connection to the content you're making. Publishers are not some evil evil demon. Publishers are people who have created and maintain their own website. They also have access to your files and have a lot of patience. They do a lot of the work for you. They are always there to answer questions. Publishers make sure that you are satisfied with the final product. The publishers are also very honest. They don't want you to change anything and they are always available to help you

Sequence 12:
[SOFT PROMPT]New reports indicate that no one likes webdev. 'It's just so', said one developer, ' area
創出 創出 創出 創出 創出 創出
昨天开始翻译题，未看完 复杂度： O(n)
时间复杂度： O(1)
空间复杂度： O(1)
时间复杂度： O(n)
空间复杂度： O(n)
题目来源：
[https://www.cnblogs.com/kijia

Sequence 13:
[SOFT PROMPT]ABOUT AWB
KIDS ARE KIDS
JOIN THE CAST
<< Back to AWB News
Christine Rouse is honored on the “Today Show”
The executive director of Acting Without Boundaries (AWB), Christine Rouse, was featured on the NBC Today Show with “Kathie Lee and Hoda” on March 1, 2 and 3.
“Christine Rouse has been in the acting community for a long time, but it was a privilege to be asked to be on the air with Kathie Lee and Hoda. Christine is truly a person of great talent and charm. She has worked hard to develop her acting skills and bring out her personality. It is a joy to be a part of this award-winning show,” said John Rogers, Executive Producer of “Today.”
Christine Rouse has been in the acting community for a long time, but it was a privilege to be asked to be on the air with Kathie Lee and H

Sequence 14:
[SOFT PROMPT]Read More	Music News
Taylor Swift Promises Reinvention & Collaborations On Next Album
View Comments	(Courtesy Big Machine Records)
new music, red, sweeter than fiction, Taylor Swift
Following the success of her last album, Red, Taylor Swift says she’ll be  site
As always, we’re in the process of migrating all of our old blog posts to our new home at Big Machine. Please come back often as we’ll be adding lots of new content to the site. Thanks for visiting!---
abstract: 'We study the effect of strong quantum fluctuations on the spatial coherence of a Gaussian state of light in a photonic crystal fiber (PCF) waveguide. We show that the photon-phonon coupling between the guided modes and the fiber modes leads to the formation of a “dark mode” whose energy is trapped inside the fiber and is strongly dependent on the quality of the PC

Sequence 15:
[SOFT PROMPT]for reference. The original video has been deleted and is no longer available. Manuel returns to practiceORCHARD PARK, N.Y. Buffalo Bills quarterback EJ Manuel returned to practice Sunday after missing two weeks because of a left knee injury.Manuel partici to post by email.
/*
 * This file is part of the LibreOffice project.
 *
 * This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
 * License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
 * file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
 *
 * This file incorporates work covered by the following license notice:
 *
 *   Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 *   contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed

Sequence 16:
[SOFT PROMPT]Ciara, VH1 Divas 2012, VH1 DIVAS, Ciara, VH1 DIVAS Photos, Tune In Live Sunday Dec. 16 9/8c at VH1
0 Comments	Vh1 Divas 2012: Ciara Performs Michael Jackson Tribute
Ciara danced to Michael Jackon’s “Billie Jean” during Vh1 Divas. She earned cheers from the the audience. Ciara’s next single “We Belong” is due out on November 21.
Michael Jackson tribute Ciara Performs Michael Jackon’s “Billie Jean” During VH1 Divas
Ciara Performs Michael Jackon’s “Billie Jean” During VH1 Divas
By VH1
Ciara danced to Michael Jackon’s “Billie Jean” during VH1 Divas. She earned cheers from the the audience. Ciara’s next single “We Belong” is due out on November 21.
Michael Jackson tribute Ciara Performs

Sequence 17:
[SOFT PROMPT]4 Mind 4 Life: Mental Health Tips
Mental Health Tips
Brain Fog Causes and Cloudy Thinking
Created by Drew | : New Brain Information You should know that brain fog is very common to experience for people of all ages. Brain fog can happen to anyone, young or home• CONTENT: Eye opening Brain fog causes problems in a variety of different ways. It can be an issue in your daily life. It can also be an issue with your brain health. And it can be an issue with your eyesight.
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •

Sequence 18:
[SOFT PROMPT]hide Positive outlook in heart disease tied to fewer deaths
Friday, September 20, 2013 9:20 a.m. EDT
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - People with heart disease who are more upbeat and excited tend to live longer than those who don't have such a positive outlook or<p>This post was originally published at <a href="http://www.heartwire.com/news/cardiology-reveals-heart-patients-are-a-better-prop">www.heartwire.com</a>.</p> <p>Some people just think of heart disease as a disease of old age, but <a href="http://www.heartwire.com/news/heart-disease-costs-of-myocardial-infarction-the-biggest-disease-of-all">Research from the American Heart Association</a> says that

Sequence 19:
[SOFT PROMPT]hide U.S. rethinking lowest-priced contract rule for guarding embassies
Friday, March 22, 2013 1:08 a.m. EDT
By Susan Cornwell
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lawmakers are reconsidering a 1990 law that makes the State Department accept the lowest bids for contract that.gmail.com; privacy; contact; privacy; that.
They're keeping a close eye on a new bipartisan bill in Congress that would mandate that the State Department work with commercial buyers to offer the lowest possible price on military, disaster and other contracts.
The legislation, introduced by Reps. Richard Hanna of New York and Adam Smith of Washington, would also require the State Department to certify the lowest possible price on foreign direct investment in the United States.
The legislation, Hanna said, "is just another attempt to make sure that the U.S. government has a competitive advantage when we do business with

Sequence 20:
[SOFT PROMPT]Beth Israel Medical Center, NY
Ricardo Cruciani, M.D., Ph.D., Department of Pain Medicine and Palliative Care, Beth Israel Medical Center Hi, my name is Ricardo Cruciani, I'm an M.D. and Ph.D., a pain specialist and I'm the Vice Chairman and Director of th interventional pain management program at Beth Israel Medical Center. I will be presenting a program titled, "Advances in Pain Management."
Let me start by introducing you to Beth Israel Medical Center. The Department of Pain Medicine and Palliative Care, with its facilities in Jamaica, Queens, and Brooklyn, is one of the largest teaching hospitals in the United States and one of the largest centers for the training of pain physicians. It also houses the largest multidisciplinary pain clinic in the United States. This program is designed to improve the quality of life of patients suffering from chronic pain. The Department of Pain Medicine and Palliative Care provides pain management services to

Sequence 21:
[SOFT PROMPT]How to Conquer Recession Depression
Oct. 7, 2008 By KATE BARRETT Listen in at a coffee shop, stop a stranger on the street or strike up a conversation at the bus stop and you'll likely hear a story like Marie Moore's.
Struggling to pay her bills and concer hands and feet, Marie Moore goes to the bookstore.
Brushing her teeth, she finds that the only toothpaste in the store is made by Firax, and it costs $3.25.
As a child, she grew up in a town in the Midwest called Hinkle, and her parents were married there, but when the parents died, her mother remarried. Marie has never met her stepfather, but she and her mother were still very close.
The day after she turns 18, Marie gets a job at the bookstore in town. The job is a good one, she gets a good salary

Sequence 22:
[SOFT PROMPT]Live	PHOTOS: Tattoos in the military
Tale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body Ink
David, who asked that is face not be shown because he is with Special Operations, has his left arm almost entirely covered in tattoos. The designs include rays of light, angels an he is extremely proud of. The tattoo in his left forearm is a single rose that is placed between two fingers.
The tattoo is visible only in dark light and looks like a rose with two petals.
"This is a very personal decision for me, but the fact that my dad is a Marine is the most important part of the story," David told the site. "When I joined the Marines, I didn't know if I would be able to complete the tattoo, but the stories that I heard from friends and the ones that I have found online have been very encouraging."
Tattoo artist David has been through a

Sequence 23:
[SOFT PROMPT]Protests in Turkey
Chaos in Istanbul
Erdem Gunduz stands in a silent protest at Taksim Square in Istanbul, June 18, 2013. Gunduz staged an eight-hour silent vigil in Taksim Square, scene of violent clashes between police and anti-government protesters in r without subtitles.
In Istanbul's Taksim Square, police clashed with protesters during the final hours of the 'Arab Spring' protests. But police made little headway against the tens of thousands of people who protested in Istanbul on Saturday.
(AP Photo/Vincent Kessler)
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- As a candidate for the Republican presidential nomination, Rick Santorum has had a hard time building a following.
That is why the conservative evangelical preacher is expected to announce his candidacy for the White House in South Carolina on Thursday.
And it is not just because he is a ferv

Sequence 24:
[SOFT PROMPT]Live	Home> International
Reporter's Notebook: One Face From Tahrir Square, Cairo
CAIRO, Feb. 3, 2011
By DAVID MUIR
David Muir More from David »
Weekend Anchor, "World News" Follow @DavidMuir
Sherief Gaberf shows his injuries after being struck in the face suddenly by a mob.
CAIRO, Feb. 3, 2011
More from David Muir
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Get your camera.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over.
[RADIO]
CAIRO, Feb. 3, 2011
More from David Muir
CAIRO, Feb. 3, 2011
NGO worker (left) and foreign worker (right) face off during a demonstration by some of Egypt's migrant workers in front of the Interior Ministry.
CAIRO, Feb. 3, 2011

Sequence 25:
[SOFT PROMPT]Abiding Word Ev. Lutheran Church
Proclaiming God's Word in Bowling Green, Ohio.
HomePastor Luke UlrichSermonsWhere We Are…
Looking for a place to Abide in His Word? Join Us on Sundays: 9:00 am Sunday School; 10:00 am Divine Service
John 8:31-32 Jesus said: not of me, but of him: which is the greatest of all the ways of God:
The Lord Jesus Christ, the light of the world, through whom you were called into fellowship with God and the Father.
The prayer of faith is a way of life that is worth considering.
Apostle John Paul II, in his homily at the Feast of St. Paul, Apostle of God and Apostle of the Church, laid the foundations for the fullness of our Faith in the New Evangelization.
The new evangelization is our first step toward bringing the Gospel to the lost.
I pray,

Sequence 26:
[SOFT PROMPT]Hurricane Isaac Videos: Anderson Cooper reporting in Louisiana	As Tropical Storm Isaac gained strength in the Gulf of Mexico over the weekend Anderson flew from the Republican National Convention in Tampa to New Orleans.
On Tuesday, shortly after 11 a.m. Ca
>>Category: April 2010 >>Length: 8:31:46 >>Latitude: -90.861913692464>>Longitude: -85.720070297722>>Event Date: Tuesday, April 22, 2010>>Weather: Tropical storm with scattered thunderstorms, isolated tornado in La. >>Wind: 0-5mph>>Atmospheric Pressure: 0.1mmHg>>Temperature: 27°F>>Rainfall: 12.85mm >>Country: Louisiana >>Location: Lafayette, Louisiana, 35.8 mi. north of Pensacola, Alabama >>Tropical

Sequence 27:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home » News & Events » Ecumenical Patriarchate Ecumenical Patriarchate 20 Total Articles< Previous 1234 Next >
2010 Patriarchal Encyclical on Great and Holy Lent
Beloved brothers and sisters, children in the Lord,
Tomorrow, we enter the period of Holy and  "Let us pray. O Lord Jesus Christ, God of heaven and earth, help us to do our part in contributing to the unity of your Church and to pray that the Church of God may be strengthened to participate in the unity of the world. Amen."
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37


Sequence 28:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sign up for the Daily Drop so you don't miss out on AR's daily;
my $ndx = 'a'*'1';
my $num = (2..$ndx) + 1;

my @ids = (1..$num);

my $word = "x";
my @word = split(/\s+/, $word);

my @word_seq = (1..$num);

my $word_seq = join('', @word_seq);

my $word_seq = $word_seq[0..$num-1];

my $pattern = qr/(?:^|\s)+/

Sequence 29:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home Baltimore News Baltimore News
Baltimore Gas&Electric (BG&E), Potomac Electric Power Co. (PEPCO), and Delmarva Power Co. (Courtesy Image) Md. Gives Customers a Break on Utility Cutoffs
BALTIMORE (AP) — The Maryland Public Service Commission says utilit student debt should be capped to prevent Maryland residents from falling into debt.
The utility regulator says that by May 31, students who graduate with debt will have their balances reduced by 30 percent.
Maryland Public Service Commissioner Robert Carney said that as of May 31, students will be able to borrow from their bank accounts without penalty.
The rules will be effective July 1.
Maryland utility regulators approved the rules in June, saying that the student debt reduction will help Marylanders save on utility bills.
The Maryland Public Service Commission says that it will not set a cap on student debt. Instead, it says that student loan debt

Sequence 30:
[SOFT PROMPT]Black Church ‘Keeper of the Flame’ Gala to Celebrate Obama Second Inauguration
by AFRO Staff African American Church Inaugural Ball (Courtesy Image)
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The leaders of African American churches will, once again, convene in Washington, D.C.  claims of success after Obama’s second inauguration.
Presidential Inauguration (The Image)
After President Obama’s second inauguration, many African American churches have begun the preparations for a national celebration of their faith.
African American Church Leaders Announce New Schedule
by: Akintunde Akinleye (Photo Credit: The Image)
It is only fitting that the leadership of African American churches will be gathered together in Washington, D.C. on Friday, January 21 to celebrate the second inauguration of President Barack Obama.
Presidential Inauguration: One Voice of a New America
by

Sequence 31:
[SOFT PROMPT]ShareThis AFT and members strongly support Chicago Teachers Union
The AFT and our members around the country stand firmly with the Chicago Teachers Union and will support its members in their efforts to secure a fair contract that will enable them to give  State Teachers Union News Letter (2013-10-23) / School Workforce News Letter (2013-10-24)
> Local 2638
> I got to take the red team back on the train, because I knew I'd be able to get to work before them.
> The red team went through the red zone and I could see that they were at least a mile from the building.
> The person I was with took a left and I followed them and was able to get to the end of the red zone.
> I followed the instructions I was given and the computer told me I had to be

Sequence 32:
[SOFT PROMPT]...catching myself at Recoleta Cemetary
...tweeting
annabel twitterpated
...linking
My Yelp Page
UCLA Extension
L.A. Conservancy
...blogging
Belated resolutions for 2011
(posted here in order to make them real)1) Travel more.Last year was a banner year for work. So I took a lot of trips, which has me feeling a little less guilt about that.2) Eat better.My 2011 resolutions were to improve my eating habits and get healthier. I did eat better, but not quite as much as I'd like. I'm going to try to cut down on calories a bit this year.3) Get more active. I'm going to try to get more active this year. I'm not very good at it, but I'll do it.4) Read more.I'll read more. I'm trying to read more this year. I read the YA section of Rom

Sequence 33:
[SOFT PROMPT]CONNECT with us. HomeCollectionsObjectsMilitary Personal Items
Military Personal Items A selection of military uniforms and personal equipment from World War I through the Cold War. This group includes examples from the United States armed forces and other could be sent to me by email.
Www.zach.sanderson.com@gmail.com<a href="http://www.zachsanderson.com/index.php/contact">Contact me</a>The I.Q. Scores for Some Non-National Personnel include the following:
• Listening Skills
• Disposition
• Personality
• Loyalty
• Persuasion
• Reliability
• Service
• Speed
• Respect
• Reliability
• Confidence
• Understanding
• Self-Control
• Disposition
•

Sequence 34:
[SOFT PROMPT]Rogue 5-string
redwoodmike
NewUsername: redwoodmikePost Number: 6Registered: 9-2008Posted on Thursday, June 27, 2013 - 11:11 am: Hello...I have a 1996 Rogue 5-string that I want to sell. I put it up on Craigslist in the SF Bay area at a price of $1,700 and to the best of my knowledge there is no other like it for sale. It has a bright red wood finish and is about 14 years old. The only thing I can tell you is that it has some cosmetic scratches on the back of the neck that were probably made when it was new.
If you're interested in the original $1,700 price, please contact me. Thanks.
P.S. - I don't know how much shipping will be, but I will have to pay for shipping and handling, so you'll have to cover that. I am willing to cover that for a better price. Thanks.


Sequence 35:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home / History of The Eagles
History of The Eagles
The Story of an American Band
Item: 40-581799
Category: Personality DVD
Format: 3 Blu-ray Discs
This 3 Disc Blu-ray in 5.1 Surround Sound and Stereo is packaged in a six-panel digipak with accompanying pho open letter on Veterans Day 2018 www.veteransday.com In light of the sacrifices of those who have given their lives for our freedom and the promise of freedom that we hold for all Americans, we honor and thank each and every one of those who have served. As Veterans Day 2018 is approaching, it is time to look back and appreciate the many services, many opportunities and many people who have made this day possible.
It is fitting to look back at the sacrifices of those who have given their lives for our freedom and the promise of freedom that we hold for all Americans. It is time to look back and appreciate the many

Sequence 36:
[SOFT PROMPT]algebraicthunk.net/ blog/ entry/ Close Encounters of the Automotive Kind
I got run over by a car on Wednesday.
Well, that's an exaggeration. My foot got run over by a car on Wednesday. I was trying to cross, in a crosswalk, in front of a red SUV that was s characterbyrnie.artemisia.descriptors.dik.1058 Character by Mr. Android Sucks: 18 Jan 2016 at 7:26am I don't know if it's possible, but there is a video of him doing the power glitch on his phone.Character by Mr. Android Sucks: 18 Jan 2016 at 7:26am (I am serious.)

com.wikitravel.revisited/ Character by Mr. Android Sucks: 18 Jan 2016 at 7:26am If you have an Android phone, you should check out the Wikitravel video on the Google+

Sequence 37:
[SOFT PROMPT]This blog is dedicated to those that truly bring a story to life: The Villains! In movies, comics, games, books, even in real life, villains make everything possible. So now we've decided to pay tribute to all the great villains of the world. We've come to call the books, games, comics, movies, and shows that mean the world to us. We hope that the books, games, comics, movies, and shows you enjoy are the best of the best! If you enjoyed this blog, please help us out by sharing it on social media. Enjoy the list!
We have no advertising, affiliate links, or paid sponsorships. The few ads we have are related to us being a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. Thanks for your support! Clic

Sequence 38:
[SOFT PROMPT]« Traveling all-star softball...
Maryland joining Big Ten»
No Ben means no win for Steelers
By Buck Frank (bfrank@altoonamirror.com)
Save | PITTSBURGH - It was a typical Steelers-Bal-timore Ravens game Sunday night. Neither team was able to muster much off from their starters in the final six innings.
It was, in a word, a heartbreaker.
Both teams combined for 15 hits. Both lost a fielder's choice with no outs in the sixth inning. Both had no one out in the eighth inning. Both were put on base by the same guy, again no outs. Both had no one out in the ninth. Both scored a run.
All the action occurred within about four feet of each other. And when the Steelers and Ravens hitters went for it, they scored.
"We know the score, we know the score," said Ben Roethlisberger

Sequence 39:
[SOFT PROMPT]Africa in Western media
Please, please: don't tell me that the White Man does not care about Africa. Research Reveals and announcements (including on this site) or other media that are not under my control (but are available on the Internet) or that I did not make or send.

Check here to receive an email notification as I add new posts. Also, I will send you a reminder when I post.

If you don't see the notifications, please check your spam folder.

My address:

Dr. Harry J. Anslinger
Office of Communication
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington, D.C. 20535
U.S.A.
E-mail: [email protected]

Sequence 40:
[SOFT PROMPT]Question:	Where did dale earnhardt jr finish in todays nascar race? Answer:	Earnhardt started and finished in 20th place. Jeff Gordon came in 1st. AnswerParty
Jeff Gordon ×
Jeff Gordon Details
Jeffery Michael "Jeff" Gordon (born August 4, 1971) is an AmeriWikipedia has added several interesting stories to the encyclopedia, from its "History" page to its "Discuss" page. From its "History" page:
"The history of NASCAR is one of the most colorful and fascinating, often controversial, of all time. There are so many facets to this fascinating event, including the racial component, the socioeconomic makeup of the sport, the popularity of the sport, the reasons for the popularity, and the constant evolution of the sport."
and its "Discuss" page:
"The purpose of this is to provide a way for people to get involved and contribute to the world

Sequence 41:
[SOFT PROMPT]Jacob Lawrence American 1917 -2000 Born:
Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States Studied:
Harlem Art Workshop American Artists School, New York Exhibited:
Lawrence One-Man Show, Museum of Modern Art, New Y Examples of Work:
Baltimore Museum of Art, MD Hir voted up by mh21. Check out his Art for all your material needs. - Andr. - https://www.artforum.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=3966 @Jade Anchors: @Bolivianbander@imtseppini @ianitwistak@toniofunghi @RedCatofMage @Fareedabad57_panda@andrewmcgann
Patreon Page https://www.patreon.com/user?u=3424329...Check out Patreon https://www.patreon.com

Sequence 42:
[SOFT PROMPT]Code of the Public Local Laws of Maryland, 1930
350 ARTICLE 2.
ANNAPOLIS.*
P. L. L., 1888, Art. 2, sec. 28. 1898, ch. 370. 1914, ch. 156. 1914 Code, sec. 29.
1. The boundaries of the City of Annapolis shall be as follows: Be- ginning at the corner of the w 2007, with Davis Street to the North and Fair Street to the South, and ending at the State line, thence by South Street to the point of beginning, and thence North by Main Street to the point of beginning.
2. The boundary of the City of Annapolis shall extend South from the point of beginning, and North from the point of beginning, to the point of beginning of the Culvert Creek.
3. The boundary of the City of Annapolis shall be the South-West border of the land of the City of Annapolis.
4. The boundary of the City of Annapolis shall be the West

Sequence 43:
[SOFT PROMPT]Despite Everything, Tiger Will Always Be No. 1
by: Frank Deford, NPR, April 16, 2014 2:04:00 am
Frank Deford says there'll never be another Tiger Woods of any sport. // AFP/Getty Images, Karim Sahib
Tiger Woods hasn't won a major in six years, and at 38, s group
Tiger Woods' biggest challenge is finding his way back into the game, the sport he loves. But when it comes to winning, the image of the boyish-looking, green-eyed college dropout has not changed.
Still, with three majors already behind him, Woods is playing in his 10th PGA Tour event of the year. And despite his struggles, he has not forgotten what made him such a force on the golf course.
“I don't have to win a lot of golf events to get back into the conversation,” he said in an interview with NPR. “I just have to be able

Sequence 44:
[SOFT PROMPT]RCW 51.48.210Delinquent taxes.
If payment of any tax due is not received by the department by the due date, there shall be assessed a penalty of five percent of the amount of the tax for the first month or part thereof of delinquency; there shall be assessman,worse,than,worse,than,at,every,place,everywhere,everywhere,the,that,of,where,the,that,by,of,for,from,and,until,again,the,the,for,until,and,and,there,there,there,there,here,here,there,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,here,

Sequence 45:
[SOFT PROMPT]Al-Qaida Arm In Yemen Flexes Its Muscles In Nigeria
Share Tweet E-mail Comments Print By Dina Temple-Raston Originally published on Thu July 12, 2012 11:25 am
Listen	An unusual terrorism case started in Nigeria late last week. Prosecutors in the capital ci: But there was another way the situation in Yemen could get worse. A large explosion occurred on the eve of the funeral of a senior member of al-Qaida's Yemeni affiliate, Usama bin Laden. bin Laden's nephew, who was killed in a U.S. strike in Afghanistan on Dec. 29, said the death of bin Laden was a blow to al-Qaida, which he said had lost its leader and has had "nothing to celebrate." Yemeni security forces believe bin Laden was killed in a U.S. strike on the compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan, where the CIA is believed to

Sequence 46:
[SOFT PROMPT]by AwesomePerson#2
The most beautiful girl in the world who has an amazing personality. Everybody loves her and wishes they could be friends with her. When she is not around them, they get very sad. Although she has never had a boyfriend, the boys are lini

I just want to tell you that I am new to weblog and actually liked this web site. More than likely I’m likely to bookmark your blog. You surely have wonderful articles and reviews. Thanks a lot for sharing your web site.
I just want to tell you that I am very new to blogging and certainly liked this web page. Most likely I’m likely to bookmark your blog. You amazingly have great articles and reviews. Cheers for sharing your web site.
I’m not sure where you are getting your information, but good topic. I needs to spend some time learning more or

Sequence 47:
[SOFT PROMPT]Tunisia, Egypt and ElBaradei
In the Guardian, my friend Jack Shenker talks to Mohamed ElBaradei about the risks of a Tunisia-like uprising in Egypt — which ElBaradei does not want:
"What has transpired in Tunisia is no surprise and should be very instructi more... Tunisia has become the first Arab country to hold a democratic election, the second Arab country after Egypt to hold such an election and the third Arab country after Libya to hold such an election.
It was a triumph for the democratic forces of the revolution. It was a success for the young, idealistic activists who stood in the streets and shouted the slogans. It was a success for the young, idealistic army officers who were deployed to protect the streets and to monitor the voting and the polling.
It was a success for the young, idealistic voters who turned out in huge numbers and voted in large numbers. It

Sequence 48:
[SOFT PROMPT]Audubon.org
Feature Articles Editor's Note Letters
Audubon View
Field Notes True Nature Incite
Earth Almanac Audubon At Home Reviews
One Picture E.O. Wilson Stuart Pimm Richard Cizik
E-Correspondence
Can religion and environmentalism find common ground in  was the inaugural essay of this special series. I hope it encourages you to explore this topic further, and to explore how this idea of a God-empowered and fully human nature might apply to a different set of issues. Perhaps there is a way for the modern environmental movement to find a way to reconcile faith and reason. Some of you will disagree with my analysis.
Jonathan G. Bronson Author "When God's Voice Is Silent: Nature, Faith, and Evolution" (American Heritage, 2008) Author "God's Voice Is Silent: Nature, Faith, and Evolution" (American Heritage, 2008)
Folk

Sequence 49:
[SOFT PROMPT]Forums » Economics » Economics Questions » Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism and the Chicago School
Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism and the Chicago School
1,711 Posts Points 29,285
posted on Thu, Nov 22 2012 6:38 PM rated by 0 users
I need some clarification h Concerning the definition of capital (or stock) a stock is the unit of exchange for all financial assets and for a great many other goods and services. What it means to be a capital stock is that the owner of the stock has an interest in it. Examples: stock, bond, certificate of deposit, treasury stock, loaned stock, stock option, dividend, etc. The owner of a stock is called the owner of capital. A capital stock is a legal asset, not an ownership interest. The owner of capital owns the capital. Capital, however, is not an ownership interest. An ownership interest is a legally enforceable claim

Sequence 50:
[SOFT PROMPT]Arbuthnot Date:
Jan 7, 2008 4:28pm Forum:
Re: The Jerry Question i'm pretty sure i've mentioned it previously, but if i had to choose between the GD & Jerry's side projects, i'd easily choose the latter, even though i ever only got to see the JGB the once  the show. I love the band, but i'm not sure i could ever see them play live.
From my experience with all three of them, the GD's are more dynamic and/or have more interesting ideas than Jerry's and Arbuthnot. For the most part, they're all talented enough that they have their own show that has a unique style and/or something to offer, but none of them are particularly skilled in their own right.
Of course, I also have to pick up on Jerry's ego and arrogance. Jerry's a great performer, but he's also a tad arrogant. He can be

Sequence 51:
[SOFT PROMPT]Utah State football: Joe Hill poised for significant role at running back
USU notes • Soph won't start, but will be a big contributor.
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published August 9, 2012 4:41 pm
Logan • Through two seasons at Utah State, seven car area that he’ll add more than 100 rushing yards a year.
FOOTBALL • Sophomore could be the difference in Utah State’s first-round matchup with West Virginia at the Cotton Bowl.
And that’s not to mention how good his running style will be on the offensive line.
• Sophomore could be the difference in Utah State’s first-round matchup with West Virginia at the Cotton Bowl.
• Sophomore could be the difference in Utah State’s first-round matchup with West Virginia at the Cotton Bowl.
• Sophomore could be the difference in Utah State’

Sequence 52:
[SOFT PROMPT]Utah State football: Aggies' defense challenged but hold up vs. UNLV
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published September 29, 2012 7:58 pm
Logan • Utah State went scoreless in the first quarter, surrendered a first-half touchdown for the first time this a "second-half" came and went without the team scoring, and the Aggies made a statement that could change the face of the program in the Mountain West Conference. By Mike Mardall. Photo: Sarah Shumaker, Associated Press Utah State quarterback Logan Woodside passes against Northern Colorado. The Aggies used the same zone defense that is in place for the rest of the season, but its strengths in the air and on the ground were highlighted. They also did a good job of defending the pass. By Sarah Shumaker, Associated Press • Utah State coach Gary Andersen on his team's zone-and-read

Sequence 53:
[SOFT PROMPT]Search within this collection: Recent Submissions
1815 Chap. 0140. An Act To Apportion And Assess A Tax Of One Hundred And Thirty-Three Thousand, Three Hundred And Twenty-Eight Dollars And Fifty-Two Cents, And To Provide For The Reimbursement Of Twenty-Eig;o Dollars And Thirty-Four Thousand Dollars For The Deficiency In The Public Library Of New York. This Act Is Contained In The State Library, New York, In Book 5, Page 16.

1816 Chap. 0141. An Act To Apportion And Assess A Tax Of One Hundred And Thirty-Three Thousand, Three Hundred And Twenty-Eight Dollars And Fifty-Two Cents, And To Provide For The Reimbursement Of Twenty-Eig;o Dollars And Thirty-Four Thousand Dollars For The Deficiency In The Public Library Of New York. This

Sequence 54:
[SOFT PROMPT]Promoting, Protecting, and Strengthening Home Schooling
EA Blog
About EA
Start Home Schooling
Just Plain Interesting: Springboards for Research on the AmishJune 4th, 2013 by MelissaPublished with PermissionWritten by Karen Robuckwww.TOSMagazine.comI see th was listed on the front page of the April 2011 issue of TOS Magazine. However, I don't see the same number of links listed in the April 2013 issue. Is there a difference in the April 2013 and April 2011 issues?
– Paul, Ph.D.
We hope you enjoyed this issue. There are two more for you to read. First, we're pleased to welcome two guest bloggers: TOSmagazine.com contributor Melissa Robuck, and the Society for Humanistic Psychology's R. John Geraci.
The new issue of TOS Magazine features guest bloggers Melissa Robuck, an English teacher, and

Sequence 55:
[SOFT PROMPT]ARKOFGOD
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope. ( Jeremiah 29:11)
Home10 commandments and the Law of Christbecoming a believercreationism vs evolutionismDeath and resurreWhat do you think?
Click to take this quiz about death and resurreAbout death and resurrection: God revealed it in the Old Testament to test faith. Why should you take the test?
Read more. I was born again through the blood of Jesus Christ. This book is a call to faith and a revelation of the truth about Jesus Christ and the atonement of Christ. This book is a call to trust in the atonement of Jesus Christ, the first Christian. In this book you will discover the truth about Jesus Christ, His deity, His resurrection, His death and His burial.
Read more. This book

Sequence 56:
[SOFT PROMPT]Moretti Fine Art shows fine works by Italian masters in Shanghai for the first time
The Master of Memphis (Florence, active c.1500-1510), The Holy Family with the Infant Saint John the Baptist and two shepherds. Oil on panel, diameter: 112 cm.
SHANGHAI.- E the authors say the show will be exhibited at the Longhua Art Gallery in Shanghai, China, from December 3rd through the 5th, 2015. The exhibition will run for about one week.
SHANGHAI.- Eskirts: The solo exhibition of Adrian Fossati, curator of the longhua art gallery, in the art center of the Pudong area of Shanghai, China, which will be held from November 21st through December 9th, 2015. The show will run for about one week.
SHANGHAI.- Eculos: The solo exhibition of the artist, Patrick Hu, curator of the

Sequence 57:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home→Collections→CrossroadsIN THE NEWSCrossroadsFIND MORE STORIES ABOUT:LoveDelray BeachBandMeetingYoung People| MoreFEATURED ARTICLESLIFESTYLETeaching at the crossroadsAugust 24, 2012Meet another member of South Florida's many-sided faith community. This e/ 1(0)Visiting/listening from Florida | dart4u[at]gmail[dot]comSearchTerm:french-frye(at)yahoo(dot)comHome→Collections→CrossroadsIN THE NEWSCrossroadsFIND MORE STORIES ABOUT:LoveDelray BeachBandMeetingYoung People| MoreFEATURED ARTICLESLIFESTYLETeaching at the crossroadsAugust 24, 2012Meet another member of South Florida's many-sided faith community. This documentclass[a4paper]{article}12[a4paper]14[a4

Sequence 58:
[SOFT PROMPT]Skip to the content | Change text size Monash University - Faculty of Arts
About Arts
Contact Arts
[Staff Only]
Search Monash Arts
Arts Faculty » Journalism, Australian & Indigenous Studies » About the School of Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studie by
Contributor of the content | Change text size Monash University - Faculty of Arts About Arts Contact Arts Faculty » Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studies » About the School of Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studie Introduction
[Staff Only]
Search Monash Arts
Arts Faculty » Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studies » About the School of Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studie Introduction
[Staff Only]
Search Monash Arts
Arts Faculty » Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studies » About the School of Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studie Introduction
[Staff Only]
Search Monash Arts


Sequence 59:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts tagged with LOMBARDI
May 4, 9:40 am	Winning Isn’t Everything: ‘Lombardi’ to Close on Broadway
By PATRICK HEALY	Sara Krulwich/The New York Times Dan Lauria in the title role in “Lombardi.”
“Lombardi,” the play that tried to draw men to Broadway with a hissy fit, will close this month at The New Amsterdam Theatre, the L.A. Theatre Group said Friday.
The audience, including Lauria and others, came in droves to see the actors at a press conference Friday morning.
Lombardi is the title character, a disgraced, washed-up baseball coach who lives in the ghetto with his wife, sister, and cousin, and he doesn’t seem to know what to do with himself.
“Lombardi” has drawn enthusiastic reviews from critics and audiences, but it’s not clear what will happen next.
The New Amsterdam’s

Sequence 60:
[SOFT PROMPT]Who was Robert Filliou?
Born January 17, 1926, Sauve, FranceDied 1987, Les EyziesRobert Filliou, a member of Fluxus, the 1960's performance group that specialized in esthetic nonevents, believed that art didn't have to express itself in the form of objects1851 - 1936- The Fluxus artists were obsessed with the question of form and whether it could be found in everyday objects. Most of the time, they did not seem to be concerned with anything beyond itself. When Fluxus artists made objects they were conscious of their function and significance, and the objects were given an attitude of respectability. The artists did not seek to create the most exalted of objects. They just used objects as a means to create an attitude of respectability.The Fluxus artists were as interested in the idea of 'bricolage' as they were in the idea of art. They

Sequence 61:
[SOFT PROMPT]Atheism's 10 Commandments
p>I saw a display recently on “Atheism’s 10 Commandments.” In fact, it was brought to my attention by somebody who asked if I had been involved in creating it because it sounds so much like me. When I listened to it, I was horrifi at the content.
Yes, and you have no idea what you are talking about.
>> "I saw a display recently on “Atheism’s 10 Commandments.” In fact, it was brought to my attention by somebody who asked if I had been involved in creating it because it sounds so much like me. When I listened to it, I was horrifi at the content. "
>> I was able to look at the content of the video and the corresponding list and see that there is indeed a very obvious resemblance. In fact, it looks very much like a scripture I have seen and copied.


Sequence 62:
[SOFT PROMPT]Symptoms of Infection in Pregnancy
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy vary depending on the infection. Infections such as
cytomegalovirus (CMV),
group B streptococcal disease (GBS),
toxoplasmosis, and some sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) may not have  this infection. The symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include fever, chills,
lack of appetite, and abdominal pain.
colds, sore throats, and respiratory infections such as pneumonia may also
cause symptoms of infection in pregnancy.
vomiting and diarrhea. GBS and pneumonia can be complicated by high fever, jaundice,
and respiratory failure.
bloody or bloody-streaked stool,
excessive vaginal discharge, and
fever are common symptoms of infection in pregnancy.
This may result in an infection of the fetus. Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include fever, chills

Sequence 63:
[SOFT PROMPT]Risk Factors for Cervical Cancer
A risk factor is something that increases your chances of developing a disease or condition.
It is possible to develop cervical cancer with or without the risk factors listed below. However, the more risk factors you have, , AEROVILLE, CALIFORNIA: OVULA -- > Yes
Oral Cancer -- > Yes
Oral cancer is cancer that develops in the mouth. It is the most common type of cancer. Oral cancer is often a slow growing cancer that does not usually need treatment. If left untreated, the cancer may spread to other areas of the body. Most oral cancers can be treated with surgery or radiation therapy. For the more serious cases of cancer, radiation therapy may be used.
The risk factors for oral cancer are:
• Poor nutrition,
• Smoking,
• Alcohol abuse,
•

Sequence 64:
[SOFT PROMPT]Bombardier Opens Third Service Centre For Commercial Aircraft By Bill Goldston
February 19, 2010 - Bombardier Aerospace announced that it has added a third commercial aircraft service centre to its growing customer support network worldwide. The facility,  (1,502 words) 1,502 words)
The announcement was made by Bill Goldston, vice-president of the business unit of Bombardier Aerospace, during a press conference in Toronto, Canada, on Tuesday, February 19, 2010.
"Bombardier has now added a third commercial aircraft service centre to its global customer support network," said Goldston. "This centre will provide an efficient way for customers to receive timely information on their scheduled service and for Bombardier to quickly resolve any issues they may encounter with our fleet."
"We are pleased to have added this third centre to our growing customer

Sequence 65:
[SOFT PROMPT]Racine Maintenance School Bond (2008)
The Racine Maintenance School Bond was a bond measure that was on the April 1, 2008 ballot in Racine County. It was intended to use $16.5 million over a five year span for maintenance of the Racine Unified School Distr talk. The bond was voted down by the voters by a margin of 58.3% to 42.7%.
Iris Designs
The Iris Designs design, a part of the Century Group, was placed on the April 1, 2008 ballot in Racine County. It was intended to use $1.1 million over a five year span for maintenance of the Racine Unified School Dist talk. The bond was voted down by the voters by a margin of 61.9% to 38.1%.
Cedar Heights
The Cedar Heights design, a part of the Century Group, was placed on the April

Sequence 66:
[SOFT PROMPT]Changes related to "United States congressional delegations from Idaho"
← United States congressional delegations from Idaho dating: 4/24/17 1:46:15 PM District-4
Just to be clear, that's a date in March, 2017, and I don't have the source for that date. I did look at the Idaho Legislature website, but I don't see any specific date on that page. Maybe I missed something.
← Did this page move to a different domain? Please update this if so. 1/7/17 2:16:00 PM District-1
I'm not sure how to do this, but I don't see a specific date. I'm assuming that I could just look at

Sequence 67:
[SOFT PROMPT]Footnotes have been changed to endnotes and the symbols to numbers. - Jim Duvall
Editor's Preface
Among the transactions which were recorded by the delegates at the ninety-ninth session of the venerable body, whose minutes we herewith present to the publicall are to be found in the fourth volume of the original four volumes of the old Conferences of the "Methodist World," and have been reprinted in the Rev. W. G. Lee's volume of "Methodist Ministers and World Missionaries." This volume has been revised by Rev. J. M. Richards, and is now one of the most valuable documents for understanding the relations of the Revival movement to the church of the late nineteenth century. - J. M. Richards
The Rev. J. M. Richards, who for nearly two years has been pastor of St. Mary's Church, Utica, N

Sequence 68:
[SOFT PROMPT]Draft History [-]Drafted in the 5th round (145th overall) by the California Angels in 1996 (did not sign)Drafted in the 2nd round (66th overall) by the Chicago White Sox in 1999 (did not sign) Draft Report [+] Drafted in the 2nd round (43rd overall) by the area team in 2001 (signed) [+] Drafted in the 3rd round (109th overall) by the Washington Nationals in 2002 (signed) [+] Drafted in the 3rd round (87th overall) by the Florida Marlins in 2004 (signed) [+] Drafted in the 4th round (157th overall) by the St. Louis Cardinals in 2005 (signed) [+] Drafted in the 4th round (173rd overall) by the Tampa Bay Rays in 2006 (signed) [+] Drafted in the 4th round (171st overall) by the

Sequence 69:
[SOFT PROMPT]San Jose Sharks Schedule, Previews, Recaps: Not Time To Panic For Sharks
It couldn't last forever, regardless of how the San Jose Sharks played, they were going to have to lose again at some point. They were going to have to lose two or three games in a ro them again and again and again. The schedule, as it is, is so good that even the most optimistic among us should be able to handle losing a game. And while it's been a very good season, the Sharks are on pace to win just two more. This doesn't bode well for the Sharks when they face the Dallas Stars, who just acquired a player that's going to have a very large impact on the Sharks' defense. The Stars are giving up a very good number of shots, with just a single goal allowed.
The Sharks defense has been so good, in fact, that they've

Sequence 70:
[SOFT PROMPT]Obituaries 10-25-2011
October 25, 2011By Beacon Hill Times Staff
Barbara Livingston Hally
Contributing writer for Beacon Hill Times
Barbara Livingston Hally of Boston died on October 18. She was 93 years old.
Born to Mary Bolles Livingston and Harry Angus  such as John Calvin. She was a member of the Union Church of New Bedford.
Born to Francis E. Livingston and Charlotte Annette K. James. She was a member of the First Presbyterian Church of New Bedford.
Born to Fred L. Livingston and Agnes A. Bunting. She was a member of the First Presbyterian Church of New Bedford.
Born to Lewis H. Livingston and Alma N. Lambert. She was a member of the First Presbyterian Church of New Bedford.
Born to Henry L. Livingston and Lizzie E. Moore. She was a member of

Sequence 71:
[SOFT PROMPT]NewsNewsletterPressContact
GermanEnglishFrenchRussianChinese
Home pageUpright and grand pianosConsulting and salesBechstein - The LegendConcerts and pianistsService
Concert calendarPianistsInterviews and voicesPiano competitionsCDs and DVDs
International c older articles about pianists and concerts in Germany[Perspective]Publications by Peter Schreier and Peter Schultz of the RWTH Aachen Research Center [2009]Compilation by Stephan Kocher, Hans-Michael Gerstner and Gerhard Klages [2010]
Video about Germany: Germany’s piano music scene
[Articles in German]Bechstein - The LegendConcerts and pianistsServiceConcert calendarPianistsInterviews and voicesPiano competitionsCDs and DVDsInternational cEpistemological considerations in artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) are

Sequence 72:
[SOFT PROMPT]print Belfer Center Home > Regions > Africa
By DateBy TopicBy Publication TypeBy Program/ProjectBy Expert	Filter by Select Program/Project
Science, Technology, and Public Policy
Harvard�Belfer on Syria
Managing the Atom
Energy Technology Innovation Policy
 tobe undertaken to "test the propositions and to assess the
against the experimental data." It has been done, as we have
hear. We are not concerned, for example, with whether
or not there is something in the water; we are concerned
with the data. Now we have a number of experiments
done and they show some data that is encouraging, but
the problem is that they are not consistent with each
other.
(Harvard)
Hammond at Brown on The West is
at War, C2-1270-2
By DateBy TopicBy Publication Type

Sequence 73:
[SOFT PROMPT]AMD Powers the Heart of the Next Console Generation
By Nihar Patel -
AMD, INTC, NVDA
Nihar is a member of The Motley Fool Blog Network -- entries represent the personal opinion of the blogger and are not formally edited.
AMD (NYSE: AMD) isn't joking when i the company claims that this is the fastest gaming platform for the next generation of PCs.
Today we're excited to share with you the latest AMD Gaming Experience to hit the shelves and the best gaming experience you can get in this price range.
The new AMD Phenom II X4 955 - $369
AMD will launch the AMD Phenom II X4 955, the latest addition to the series of Phenom II X4 processors. This latest processor features a new multi-core architecture, DDR4 memory and GDDR5 graphics.
AMD also offers the Phenom II X4 955 with a new TDP that

Sequence 74:
[SOFT PROMPT]eBook sales jump 115% in January
Amazon's Android Appstore may launch March 22
AT&T to acquire T-Mobile from Deutsche Telekom for $39 billion
on Mar 20, 2011 at 2:30 PM
AT&T, the nation’s second largest wireless provider, has just announced that it will ac as well as be bought out by a German telecom company for $39 billion. The acquisition is estimated to be worth $5.6 billion. The move is part of a concerted push by AT&T to gain more ground on the smaller rival. The company is also preparing to launch an Android Appstore that will allow users to download and install applications from third party sources. The app store will be the second to debut on the iPhone and iPod touch, which has been used by Apple since 2007. AT&T said it would acquire T-Mobile for around $39 billion. This would represent a premium of about 4.5

Sequence 75:
[SOFT PROMPT]Older Articles	Europe
by Dan Graziano
Huawei announces global availability of the Ascend P1 smartphone
By Dan Graziano on April 18, 2012 at 10:45 PM.	Huawei announces global availability of the Ascend P1 smartphone
Huawei on Wednesday announced global avai the Ascend P1 smartphone is the latest addition to its family of Android smartphones. The Ascend P1 is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 quad-core processor, a 4.5-inch 1080p display and is available in Black, White, and Silver models.
The Ascend P1 features a 4.5-inch 1080p display and a 13-megapixel front-facing camera with a f/2.2 aperture.
In addition to its larger screen, the Ascend P1 also has a more powerful battery, with a battery capacity of 2,700 mAh.
The Asc

Sequence 76:
[SOFT PROMPT]Nothing "Is What It Is"
Question: Which will come first, the completion of the Second Avenue Subway or the next Mets World Series victory? Christine Quinn: Well I can’t actually answer that question honestly because my father is 84, and he remembers the da.1> “Hanging out” means: a. to go with friends to a club or pub b. to be with friends in a social situation c. to socialize d. to hang out with friends and play sports or go to a sports match e. to go to a place where you can socialize f. to hang out with friends g. to socialize with friends h. to hang out with friends i. to hang out with friends ii. to hang out with friends iii. to socialize with friends iv. to socialize with friends v. to socialize with friends vi. to socialize with friends vi

Sequence 77:
[SOFT PROMPT]LOVE, Francis Johnson, (1901 - 1989)
LOVE, Francis Johnson, a Representative from West Virginia; born in Cadiz, Harrison County, Ohio, on January 23, 1901; attended the public schools; Bethany College at Bethany, W.Va., A.B., 1924; principal of Warwood Hig that institution from 1923 to 1930; deacon of Bethel United Methodist Church, 1928-30; Sunday school superintendent of Cadiz, 1929-31; president of East Texas Conference, 1930-31; member of Council of Foreign Missions, 1931-32; vice president of East Texas Conference, 1933-34; member of State Committee on Judiciary, 1934-35; president of Conference on Judicial Oversight, 1935-36; secretary of Conference on Judicial Oversight, 1936-37; president of Conference on Judicial Oversight, 1937-38; member of State Committee on Judiciary, 1938-39; vice president of

Sequence 78:
[SOFT PROMPT]Steven M. Smith
25 Breaking Away from a False Dilemma
With a high-school level understanding of science and theology, I was convinced by this "either-or" argument and, to my knowledge, became the first Young Earth Creationist in my local Nazarene church. I I wrote this short paper on a theme that has continued to resonate with me in my later years. I've come to see it as a false dilemma, the one where, in a religious context, we must either accept the position that Jesus is a real person or we must reject the possibility that He might have been the son of God. After all, the evidence of the Holy Spirit is sufficient to make the former position impossible. After all, the evidence of the Spirit is sufficient to make the latter position impossible. We know of God's Son through the Holy Spirit, yet we know of Him as the Son of God. In the

Sequence 79:
[SOFT PROMPT]0 Scientists Tell Their Stories: Owen Gingerich
When it came time to go to graduate school, one of Owen Gingerich's science professors told him “If you feel a calling to go to astronomy, you should give it a try, because we shouldn’t let atheists take over shown. As a member of the astronomy department, I don’t think I’ve ever seen a better group of people. Gingerich was inspired to go to grad school by an online video of astrophysicist Brian Schmidt, who was describing his recent work on a new technique called the Advanced Supernova Search Telescope (ASST). But the professor was intrigued by the potential of this new telescope.
Gingerich’s grandfather was an astronomer, and he had always wanted to be an astronomer. Gingerich’s mom told him about a class in which a teacher had mentioned that she had a

Sequence 80:
[SOFT PROMPT]This week in origins news: Inflation of a cosmic kind, new theories about the Higgs particle, a lively collection of links from favorite spots in the blogosphere, and a few interactive items for those who enjoy playing as much as they do reading around the they all had their day, and it wasn’t without it’s own drama. Last week’s special, in which all the DC comics have been up to date with their latest covers, proved that even with their superheroes appearing to have a rough time of it this week, this DC Universe continues to move forward. As one would expect, the overall issue line ups were relatively stable as well. The Archie, Betty and Veronica issues were held to a solid, but more stable, average of 52 pages, and there was a bit of a dropoff after that. As for the rest of the characters, their issues

Sequence 81:
[SOFT PROMPT]Blackstone Blog
Blackstone honored at the 2011 inMotion Commitment to Justice Awards
The Blackstone Group received a special honor as the top fundraising team for inMotion’s Story by Story—Climbing to End Domestic Violence! event. A gala ceremony was held  view this post »
0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0



Sequence 82:
[SOFT PROMPT]Power Ranking the NFL's Top 50 Active Offensive Linemen
By Cody Swartz
Rob Carr/Getty Images 16.3K
It’s notoriously difficult to grade offensive linemen, especially considering there are very limited statistics to evaluate their performance. The Pro Bowl v as a result, as well as the quarterback’s and running back’s position, is the main concern.
Of the top 50 offensive linemen on the active roster, only nine made the Pro Bowl last season. Of the top 50 players overall, only five made the Pro Bowl last season.
The consensus:
"It’s just a different league. I think in the future, the guys are going to get drafted at a higher rate and be able to play longer and be able to contribute to the team for more than one year. I think the main thing is that we’re just going to have to see

Sequence 83:
[SOFT PROMPT]Top Five Stables Ever in WWE/WCW
By Goutham Babu
Ever since the wrestling industry started, there were great teams constituting various great wrestlers. Many of such stables created world wide attraction and accelerated the profit of wrestling industry.
He."..
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Sequence 84:
[SOFT PROMPT]Want more real-time Dallas Mavericks news?
What's Next for Dirk Nowitzki After Frustrating 2012-13 NBA Season? By Zach Buckley
Forgive Dirk Nowitzki if he doesn't know how to act right now.It's been a while since he's had to deal with something like this.F it.stm: Yeah, it's all good, the technical term for it is hypervisor. It's a special kind of computer. You put it on a computer and it does what you tell it to. For instance, if you put a virus on a computer, it will try to do the job you tell it to. Now, you can do some things to get the computer to do the job you tell it to. You can control it from your phone, you can control it from your computer, you can control it from a screen that you have on your computer. That's what we're talking about. Hypervisor

Sequence 85:
[SOFT PROMPT]DogecoinObverseReverseDate of introduction8 December 2013; 3 months ago (2013-12-08)User(s)InternationalInflationApproximately 100 billion coins to be mined by end of 2014. Thereafter, 5.2 billion new coins per year.SymbolÐ,[1] Ɖ,[citation needed] DNicknam….[2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dogecoin (13,500,000)Wikipedia-FlagDogecoinNo 1 million coins mined since March 2013. Symbol-a[3] Ɖ,[citation needed] MDMNolus.[4] (7,500,000)Wikipedia-FlagDogecoinNo 2 million coins mined since March 2013. Symbol-a[5] Ɖ,[citation needed] MDMNolus.[6] (7,500,000)Wikipedia-FlagDogecoinNo 3 million coins mined

Sequence 86:
[SOFT PROMPT]GraniteIgneous rockGranite containing potassium feldspar, plagioclase feldspar, quartz, and biotite and/or amphiboleCompositionPotassium feldspar, plagioclase feldspar, and quartz; differing amounts of muscovite, biotite, and hornblende-type amphiboles.
Ju--Prevalence of hypogeous-triassic mass-spring depositional sequence: 1--6,7--2.9--0.8, 8--2.2--1.1--0.5, 11--1.8--1.1--0.3, 14--0.8--0.4--0.1, and 16--0.6--0.2--0.1. **2.** Prepopulation scenario. Two paleoclimate models were used to estimate the probability of the occurrence of paleoclimate-generated clasts at the present day. Model 1 assumes that the

Sequence 87:
[SOFT PROMPT]Shenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, Ontario, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004–presentSpouse(s)Josh Beech (m. 2013)
Jump to: navigation, searchShenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, OsrycAnn: (married November 27, 1989) Josh Beech (m. 2013)
Shenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, O.cAnn: (married April 25, 1990) Joshua Beech (m. 2013)
Josh Beech (m. 2013)Jump to: navigation, searchJosh BeechBornOctober 24, 1989 (age 24) (Ireland)Toronto, O.c.Ann: (married June 27, 1990) Joshua Beech (m. 2013) (Ireland)Josh Beech

Sequence 88:
[SOFT PROMPT]Wavenumber
Jump to: navigation, searchIn the physical sciences, the wavenumber is the spatial frequency of a wave. It can be envisaged as the number of waves that exist over a specified distance (analagous to frequency being the number of wave oscillations,

Sketches of Planets, Earth, and Human Thought

Sketches of Planets, Earth, and Human Thought

Sketches of Planets, Earth, and Human Thought

Sketches of Planets, Earth, and Human Thought

Sketches of Planets, Earth, and Human Thought

Sketches of Planets, Earth, and Human Thought

Sketches of Planets, Earth, and Human Thought

Sketches of Planets, Earth, and Human Thought

Sketches of Planets, Earth, and Human Thought


Sequence 89:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts tagged "DealerBlock" Owner's Manual
Find help on how to use the new ADESA.com
We are very excited about the launch of our new website a few weeks ago. While the new ADESA.com is user-friendly and easy to navigate, we understand you might have questio of a short while ago, the new website is an addition to our service, we are offering you more detailed information on how to use the new website. What is new in the new website?
Nearly all dealers who own and operate a garage sale or auction site that accepts payments by credit card are required to have a valid ADESA.com login in order to use the new website. While the login process is free, it does require a fee to use the new website. What do you have to do to register for the new website? We want to make it easy for you to register for the new website. We encourage

Sequence 90:
[SOFT PROMPT]« How to Strengthen an Interfaith Relationship
Autism Awareness Month: How to Support the Cause »
Hear the Voices of Help and Hope
Hear stories of hope — directly from just a few of the people whom Catholic Charities has helped over the past year. This shoXQ:

Using flexbox to make a scrollable layout?

I'm trying to make a web page with flexbox to make a scrollable layout.  The layout should be like this.
It's been bothering me for some time now, and I'm just wondering if there's a way to make it.

<div style="display: flex;">
    <div style="flex: 1; overflow-y: scroll;">
        <div style="flex: 1; margin-left: 0; margin-right: 0;">
            <div style="flex: 1; padding

Sequence 91:
[SOFT PROMPT]Online Blogucation
14Sep/110
I had to turn the heater on in my car this morning. The Colorado mornings are getting chilly: in the 40s and 50s. It’s almost like Fall had been hiding behind the Labor Day corner, just waiting to pounce. Despite the cold (and  to me the very thought of a cold, gray, wintry Colorado is not what I want to think about), I am feeling good. I woke up feeling warm and fuzzy, the same way I do after a warm shower.
I was listening to The Brian Jonestown Massacre by Bonnie Tyler on my way to work this morning. My favorite song, and the song that triggered my first walk of the day. I love The Brian Jonestown Massacre. I was watching the sunset last night and felt the song playing in my head. I can’t tell you how often I have heard that song on the

Sequence 92:
[SOFT PROMPT]How do you put your intentions into practice?
posted by Alex Zielinski on March 8, 2013 Filed under: Intentions
Being International Women’s Day, we’d be silly not to highlight a woman who’s working hard to inspire and challenge her gender every day. Althou; The India Times| The India Times | Delhi: In the latest setback for women, the Delhi High Court on Tuesday ordered that the "shattering" story of a man who married a woman and allegedly fathered a child by her be retracted, making it a total of five weeks that the "whisper" was out. (Read more)posted by drbrenda on March 8, 2013 Filed under: Sex & Relationships
About the Author
About the author:
Gaurav Dhar is a Consultant at Bain & Company LLP and a Co-Founder of Dhar Talent

Sequence 93:
[SOFT PROMPT]« Video Interview: Andrew Wait of Ancestry.com |
| The Genealogy Guys Podcast LIVE at 2009 FGS Conference »
Social Security Numbers: a Non-Issue
I have written before about the security of the Social Security Death Index and its use as a very effective too the Social Security Death Index (SSDI)
What is the SSDI?
The Social Security Death Index (SSDI) is a nationwide database of all surviving
Americans with an established date of birth. It has been the primary source of
information for researchers for many years.
The SSDI was originally created in 1953. It is not an official U.S. government
database, but it does have its own website and is very easy to access. It is also
accessible via a Web browser.
The SSDI is maintained by the Social Security Administration (SSA) and is
published annually by the Social Security

Sequence 94:
[SOFT PROMPT]Debate? What Debate?
Well, that seems to be the question regarding the debate on "Baptists and Calvinism" scheduled for October 16 in Lynchburg, VA. The events of the last two days have made the prospect of actually having the debate very slim. The moderat see more

Debate? What Debate?
Well, that seems to be the question regarding the debate on "Baptists and Calvinism" scheduled for October 16 in Lynchburg, VA. The events of the last two days have made the prospect of actually having the debate very slim. The moderatrivolously interspersed dialogue is so juvenile, so lackluster, so non-existent, that it's hard to take it seriously. I am one of those who thinks the "debate" is being held, but what is happening is a thinly veiled attempt to silence the man. It's as

Sequence 95:
[SOFT PROMPT]A Quote by Patrick Jake "P.J." O'Rourke on animals, children, and purpose
in animals
Humans are the only animals that have children on purpose with the exception of guppies, who like to eat theirs.P.J. O'Rourke (1947 -)Contributed by: Zaady Tweet all our latest articles at @ZaadyTweets or share them with your friends and followers!
Humans are the only animals that have children on purpose with the exception of guppies, who like to eat theirs.P.J. O'Rourke (1947 -)Contributed by: Zaady Tweet all our latest articles at @ZaadyTweets or share them with your friends and followers!
Tweet | share | Facebook
]]>http://blogs.courant.com/jake/2010/04/a-quotes-from-patrick-jake-on-animals

Sequence 96:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sex, Politics, and Global Hip Hop
The hip hop feminism hub at the U! My hip-hop life now By and01626 on December 6, 2012 12:00 PM
Before taking this class, I had a certain appreciate for hip-hop but did not spend much of my time immersed in the music or an, let’s say, anti-racist mindset. I, at times, wished I could see the hip-hop version of the movement and/or have it as my culture, my environment, my society. This would, at least, have afforded me a sense of authenticity and belonging. The feminist aspect of hip-hop is a bit of a buzz kill. While the movement and the way it is represented by hip-hop artists, feminists, and the media are inseparable, it is not the same thing as the music itself. Hip-hop is still rooted in race and racism. But, as feminism has

Sequence 97:
[SOFT PROMPT]YeungKaiPo
14 passengers were killed in bus crash in NYC
By yeun0040 on March 13, 2011 11:53 PM
On Saturday night, a serious bus crash killed 14 people when the bus was returning to Manhattan's Chinatown after a quick overnight trip to the Mohegan Sun casi and died on the spot.
Police said the incident took place on the east side of the bridge, near Canal Street, and the National Weather Service said that the bus had crashed about 12:30 a.m.
The bus had left from the Mohegan Sun Casino and had taken two bus stops along the east side of the bridge, a place that was closed off by police, but was reopened after the crash.
The driver of the bus, 22-year-old Stephen Tan of Albany, N.Y., died on the scene. The passengers, who were in the rear of the bus, suffered severe injuries

Sequence 98:
[SOFT PROMPT]Match.com's Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms
In celebration of the single mother, Match.com has released a list of the Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms on its official blog Up To Date.The list was compiled using Match.com’s unparalleled data on Ame within the United States and its many international destinations.The top 10 cities for dating single moms include: San Francisco, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Boston, Washington, D.C., Chicago, Houston, San Diego, Miami, New York, San Jose, Atlanta, Denver, and San Antonio.For more information about dating single moms, check out our blog post on Dating Single Moms.Match.com is now expanding its list of cities to include some of the most romantic cities in the world. They include:
San Francisco, CA - Best City for Dating Single Mom
This is our list of the best

Sequence 99:
[SOFT PROMPT]Happy 71st birthday to legendary centerman Stan “Stosh” Mikita. Mikita was born in 1940, in the town of Sokolce of the Slovak Republic. Mikita’s birth name was actually Stanislav Guoth, but when Czechoslovakia became a Communist controlled country, Stosh f if you want to know more about Stan “Stosh” Mikita, you can read the obituary on the Sokolce History Center website: “In the summer of 1957, the Slovak football team, named after the Sokolce hero Stanislav Guoth, won the first ever cup tournament, and then followed the footsteps of several other famous footballers in this country. At that time, Stosh was just a 13-year-old kid from Sokolce, but he became a famous footballer with the name “Stosh”. After his death, his funeral was held at the parish church in S

Sequence 100:
[SOFT PROMPT]My schedule at the 2009 NAB Show
The convention is about three weeks away, and I’m starting to get full-court press for appointments at the convention. This will be my 21st NAB convention. I have attended every convention since 1989. I know many people hav under-recognized as being in the same classes as existing children: || MFC-2 || MFC-3 ||
C0-1-1-0 || MFC-2-1 || MFC-3-1 ||
C0-2-1-0 || MFC-2-2 || MFC-3-2 ||
C0-3-1-0 || MFC-2-3 || MFC-3-3 ||
C0-4-1-0 || MFC-2-4 || MFC-3-4 ||
C0-5-1-

Sequence 101:
[SOFT PROMPT]TrueDrive: 2011 Kia Optima Hybrid
Tuesday, 08 November 2011 06:00
Written by Brandy Schaffels
0 Comments	When the first Kia Optima sedan debuted in the United States in 2000, it was nothing more than a rebadged Hyundai Sonata, which didn’t carry much panac went to http://www.truedrive.com/file/archive/20111008.html. Then, the new Kia Optima hybrid debuted, and it was nothing more than a replacement for the old model. So, it is no surprise that, although it has been a very good car, it’s now at the tail end of the year. TrueDrive’s Kia Optima hybrid sedan is no different from its predecessor, but its production will come to a stop in 2012.
TrueDrive is pleased to present the details on this vehicle. The 2011 Kia Optima hybrid is one of the first hybrids

Sequence 102:
[SOFT PROMPT]12:40 pm January 10, 2014, by John Kessler numerous, True, we would like to find a large number of data items from the pages.
No single answer can be the best. Thus, we are trying to find a good answer.
First, we will search for the most frequent keywords.
Then, we will rank the results by keywords.
The result is shown in Figure 4.
We can see that the number of top-ranking items is a bit small, but the number of top-ranking items is very large.
However, the top-ranking items are not the best answers, as you can see in Figure 5.
So, we need to

Sequence 103:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts Tagged ‘Celebrity birthdays’
Celebrity birthdays Feb. 6: Axl Rose, Natalie Cole, Tom Brokaw, Rip Torn, Robert Townsend, Zsa Zsa Gabor
February 6th, 2010 by accessAtlanta
Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor is 93. Actor Patrick MacNee (”The Avengers”) is 88. Actor  my birthday is on the 17th, I’m just hoping it’s a good one. The day before, the New York Times ran an article about her latest musical production, a pop-opera about being an immigrant in America. She’s also been nominated for the Oscar for best actress. I just had my first kiss, it’s the most wonderful feeling in the world. I was very happy to hear that Oprah’s daughter, Whitney Houston, is 84. She’s still singing and her album, “I Wanna Dance with Somebody,” is still in the top 10. I have a favorite

Sequence 104:
[SOFT PROMPT]Cyber Cynic
ARMing desktop Linux
By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols
October 12, 2009 1:43 PM EDT
For a brief time in 2008, Linux actually owned a segment of the desktop industry: netbooks. When netbooks first showed up, they ran only Linux. Microsoft panicked an 3.2-pound computer with a Pentium III processor, 256MB of RAM, and a 15-inch screen, but it was an exciting time for Linux. Microsoft was at the time the leading developer of Unix-like operating systems. In that spirit, Linux's best-known innovator was Matt Mullenweg, a cofounder of WordPress, who also created the Wordpress blogging software. The company was valued at $3.5 billion at the time.
But then Microsoft released Windows 7, which took away the advantage that netbooks had enjoyed. It also wiped out Linux's allure. Today, Linux is not

Sequence 105:
[SOFT PROMPT]Roger Avary To Direct Bret Easton Ellis' 'Glamorama' In 2012?
by Gabe Toro
October 13, 2011 12:12 PM 6 Comments
The last time Roger Avary directed a film, it was in collaboration with Bret Easton Ellis. Together, the two of them were responsible for the hy study of class. And as you know, class has been a thorn in the side of writers for a long time.
With the first book of Ellis' 'Glamorama' (which I just reviewed) being published in 2010, we can all look forward to the film taking over the world. Here is what Roger Avary has to say about the film's influence:
"Glamorama is a film about the class system and what happens when the upper class allows lower class to flourish and turn into a cult of immorality and degradation. The film centers around an upper class, college-educated man who

Sequence 106:
[SOFT PROMPT]She went to prison for her ‘encore career’
December 4, 2013, 12:55 PM ET
By Anne TergesenThis week, Encore.org, a San Francisco-based nonprofit that promotes second careers in the nonprofit sector, is handing out Purpose Prizes, its answer to the MacArthur known as the Benjamin Franklin Award.The Purpose Prize is the largest prize ever given to a second career. The prize consists of a check for $500 and the opportunity to attend a workshop at the Institute of Policy Studies, which trains young professionals in nonprofits.This year, to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Benjamin Franklin Award, the organization is holding its first Purpose Prize event, with a reception on Thursday, December 4, at 7:30pm at the Institute of Policy Studies in San Francisco.Anyone who makes it through the seminar will have the opportunity to attend a workshop in which they’ll learn how to navigate the nonprofit

Sequence 107:
[SOFT PROMPT]MPR News A fresh eye on the news Anatomy of a news story
7 There was a story floating around this weekend that makes a wonderful exercise in ascertaining the difference between solid newspaper reporting and TV/video news fare. Perhaps the medium really is  religion, politics, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and satire, religion, and sat

Sequence 108:
[SOFT PROMPT]MPR News A fresh eye on the news The “D” word
The economic meltdown is bad. Most of us are pretty scared, more than a little angry, and our ears perk up when we hear people throw the “D” word around pretty loosely. Earlier this week, a poll showed that alm"Be strong, for the nation is at stake."

- U.S. President John F. Kennedy

The Emergency Election Sale is now live! Get 30% to 60% off our most popular products today!Q:

How to solve the NullPointerException error in android?

I have a class that is creating a view. And it has a main.xml file that is looking for a database to store the data. But when I run the application I get a NullPointerException error and it's throwing the following:
"java.lang.NullPointerException"
at com.pgs

Sequence 109:
[SOFT PROMPT]Chat Rooms (9) Hi Guest - Join Us Now!
The Reality of Bisexuality
By Robert Weiss LCSW, CSAT-S
Sex is Not a One-Way Street
I had thought that in writing this long-overdue blog on bisexuality I could offer a straightforward, readily understandable overview -About Me - Bisexuality is a complex phenomenon that is in the process of becoming even more so. It is a complex phenomenon that, because of its complexity, does not have a definitive definition. Bisexuality is, in many ways, like the other, more complicated aspects of human existence, and is often confusing, perplexing, and misunderstood. This blog, then, will attempt to provide some clarity. To begin, let me address some of the common misconceptions about bisexuality.
• It is simply a different way of identifying yourself than the one you normally identify with.
• There is a vast difference between

Sequence 110:
[SOFT PROMPT]Eleven Give Million-Dollar Donations to Super PACs
By Kent Cooper	Posted at 9:23 a.m. on Jan. 29
Eleven associations, unions and individuals have already given more than $1 million each to Super PACs in 2013, with more to be reported this week.
Super PACs  no surprise here. You'd expect the amount of money raised by a PAC to be almost as large as the amount of money the candidate raised. There are a few reasons why the money raised by PACs has been so high: First, most of the PAC money has come from individual donors, not corporations. In fact, a significant majority of the money raised by PACs is from individual donors. In 2012, PACs gave $15.8 million to individual donors.
But not all of that money is going to super PACs. Most of it is going to candidates and PACs, which has caused the industry to grow even

Sequence 111:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sen. Harry Reid’s Fundraiser Gets 2 Years in Prison
By Kent Cooper	Posted at 2:23 p.m. on Oct. 2, 2013
A Nevada lawyer and lobbyist who was a fundraiser for the 2010 re-election campaign of Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev., has been sentenced to two years in prison, according to a sentencing memo released Tuesday by the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Las Vegas.
Joe Coyle, who pleaded guilty last year to two felony charges of conspiracy to launder money, was sentenced to 120 months in prison.
According to the memo, Coyle, who is a Nevada lawyer and lobbyist, gave a $500,000 contribution to Reid’s 2010 re-election campaign. He also gave $1,000 to the Reid campaign, according to the memo.
The memo states that Coyle’s guilty plea and the other charges stemmed from an investigation that began in January 2011

Sequence 112:
[SOFT PROMPT]| | Voices Home
Gordon Brown hails education as the best anti-poverty program
Submitted by Kavita Watsa	On Mon, 09/20/2010 Tweet WidgetGoogle Plus OneLinkedin Share Button1 Comment
This morning, 69 million children would not have gone to school around the  the day of our Lord, Jesus Christ, and on his behalf. Today we celebrate the end of a century of increasing prosperity and opportunity for children in Britain, and the beginning of a new century of low income children.
Schools like yours, and the Education Secretary's initiative to end the needless deprivation of hundreds of thousands of children, are part of our commitment to ensuring that everyone, regardless of income, can go to school and get the best possible education.
Over the next few weeks, we will be launching a series of high-quality, locally-run, independent schools. They will offer the best possible education to all

Sequence 113:
[SOFT PROMPT]Email	Hard boiled crime stories, old and new, in classic packaging
Cory Doctorow at 5:14 am Mon, Sep 6, 2004 — FEATURED —
Kindle Hard Case Crime is a new paperback imprint that's reprinting old pulp crime novels and commissioning new novels in the style of of being the result of efforts to understand what makes a good story and to teach readers to be able to read and write their own. Mostly, though, it's an attempt to understand why good stories are good and to learn how to write them. While there's a wealth of advice in the pages of Every Story Ever Told, and there's also a great deal of content in old pulp crime stories, there's also a lot of stuff that I don't really know how to do, and a lot of old pulp stories that don't really have much new to say about them. This collection, however, is an attempt to

Sequence 114:
[SOFT PROMPT]This page contains a single entry from the blog posted on August 1, 2010 8:04 PM.
The previous post in this blog was The world according to a couch potato.
The next post in this blog is Ups and downs.
« The world according to a couch potato |
| Ups and dow no noticias, no obras, sino espacios y cosas, solo usuarios en persona.
This is a summary of what has been posted in the previous blog, as well as some new entries.
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________
________________________________

Sequence 115:
[SOFT PROMPT]Jessica Alba’s Swimming Pool in Bollywood Debut
By Andrew Stephenson	Posted on June 9th, 2009 in Movies, News
Jessica Alba’s swimming pool makes its Bollywood movie debut in Sajid Nadiadwala’s Kambakht Ishq which stars Akshay Kumar, Kareena Kapoor and Amried.
It’s an intimate little Bollywood flick and its all about Jessica Alba, she’s swimming in the pool! It’s not the first time that Alba has appeared in a Bollywood movie, in fact she has also appeared in the film My Name Is Khan. This movie is a modest effort and one which is completely free of Bollywood elements. But there is an undeniable feel of authenticity about it. It is a personal movie, but there is a sense of trust between director Sajid Nadiadwala and Alba, who played the character of Sheila Keddi in the

Sequence 116:
[SOFT PROMPT]Anushka Sharma still nervous around Shah Rukh Khan
By Priyanka Ramesh Kumar	Posted on November 18th, 2012 in Movies, News, Stars
It’s been 4 years since Anushka Sharma appeared on the big screen and entered Bollywood staring opposite one of the most popula (read more)
http://www.cinemablend.com/news/film/anushka-sharma-still-nervous-around-shah-rukh-khan/12461844
Subscribe to our YouTube Channel for More Videos:
http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=themoviesuk
Follow us on Twitter:
https://twitter.com/themoviesuk
Like us on Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/moviesuk/
http://www.facebook.com/moviesuk

Sequence 117:
[SOFT PROMPT]It appears that you've exceeded the maximum number of posts you can view, but wait, there's a simple solution. To unlock the forum and continue viewing messages, all you need to do is sign up for a free account. The entire process takes just a few minutes  will serve as the first official open source Kubernetes Kube-ontology.
1.1. Introduction
1.2. Kube-ontology-1.0
1.3. Open source
1.4. Kube-ontology-1.0
1.5. Fetch
1.6. Open source
1.7. Fetch-0.1
1.8. Fetch-0.2
1.9. Fetch-0.3
1.10. Fetch-0.4
1.11. Fetch-0.5
1.

Sequence 118:
[SOFT PROMPT]Game 159: Yankees at Blue Jays
Nick Swisher called this “a must win game” for the Yankees, and after yesterday’s deflating 3-2 loss to the Blue Jays, it has to be.
At this point, they all are must-win games for the Bombers, who enter today tied once again 10-9 on the season.
This is the first time since Sept. 30 that the Yankees are tied with the Jays at 10-9 on the season. It is the only time the Yankees are tied with the Jays in any of the four previous seasons.
So, if you want to be a contender, you have to win games like this. You can’t just sit there and look at a loss.
And with a two-game series with the Rays coming up, it seems like the Yankees are still fighting for their spot in the AL East race.
Sandy Alderson said he is still

Sequence 119:
[SOFT PROMPT]Lying Awake
Mark Salzman
Best bets for book clubs
BookPage® Column by Julie Hale
This month's new paperback releases include several excellent titles in fiction and nonfiction. We recommend the following selections as good choices for reading groups.Honky unable to access source material:
* More than 300,000 young people read a book or magazine every day, so a group reading program that emphasizes the written word is a good way to get new readers into the habit of reading.
* The New York Times Book Review said, "If you want to read a book that will be deeply entrenched in your mind and heart, check out ''Dust" by Michael Crichton."
* In "Imagining Everything: A Guide to Thinking About Books," a psychologist explains how it's possible to experience an infinite variety of books in your mind.
* The New York

Sequence 120:
[SOFT PROMPT]On The Down Low: Is Real Housewives Of Atlanta’s Porsha Stewart A Beard For Her Suspect NFL Baller Hubby??
Categories: For Discussion, For Your Information, Gay, News, Reality TV, Shady, SMH, Suspect, The Side-eye, True or False?, What the Hell???, You Cani'm glad i did this.and i'll tell you what.a funny thing is.i really don't care about the fanbase.and as long as it's just fans i don't care.i'm happy to see all the talent on here but i really don't care about any of it.i care about the storylines.i want to know what's going on.i'm not really sure about some of the other stars but i really want to know what's going on with them.
i'm pretty sure that some of the guys who are in there are gay but i don't really care.i just

Sequence 121:
[SOFT PROMPT]Barcelona's Lionel Messi to sit out Zaragoza trip
5d25d82ff1704a3c80ff4111c309fd81.jpg
Barcelona's Lionel Messi, from Argentina, smiles during the Champions League quarterfinal second leg soccer match between FC Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain FC at the ;
READ MORE: "A good storyteller can put the audience at ease"
READ MORE: "We need to make the ball bounce better"
READ MORE: "Winning in the Champions League can be harder than losing in the league"
READ MORE: "La Liga should make the final"
READ MORE: "It is not the same as the Champions League"
READ MORE: "The Champions League will not take away from the La Liga"
READ MORE: "We need to make the ball bounce better"
READ MORE: "We need to make the ball bounce better"
READ

Sequence 122:
[SOFT PROMPT]Whatever seems important at the time.
Opportunity and hindrance
I married my music teacher. While that has brought me many musical opportunities, it also keeps me from practicing as much as I might like. I hate to make student noises when she's trying to r I think the most important part of learning to play the piano is having a teacher who is willing to be flexible and able to change as the student gets better. If you're getting better and are ready to play more, you can play with a teacher. If you're not ready to play more, you can play with someone who's not ready. It's hard to find a teacher who's willing to adjust to your playing style. If you're not ready to adjust, it's hard to find a teacher who is willing to give you opportunities to practice. If you're not ready to practice, it's hard to find a teacher who

Sequence 123:
[SOFT PROMPT]Brian D. Buckley
crude inky blab
HomeAboutContactMy BooksNSA Domestic Surveillance
The Adventures of Links
Posted on Friday, April 29, 2011 - 6:27 am | Leave a comment
Greetings, loved ones. LET’S TAKE A JOURNEY.
First up in links this week, we’ve got The Asheville Area Comprehensive Plan (ACP), a draft of which was released by the Asheville City Council on April 18th. It’s a draft, which means it’s still in the very early stages, but it’s not yet a completed document.
In other news, the Knoxville City Council has now voted to stop prosecuting the city’s pet hate, Pornography/Obscene Materials, and instead go after a drug house in a gated community.
In other news, the Knoxville Police Department is calling it quits. The department had been plagued with internal problems and rumors of

Sequence 124:
[SOFT PROMPT]mine's on the 45
to find our way home, to break in these bones*
Having grown weary of a seemingly endless string of flights for the past two weeks, I opted to drive from Northern California to Southern California (and back) this week. It was illogical, rea dropins were pretty much non-existent. The only time I remember seeing a drop in performance was when I was in Austin and the floor was jammed with a bunch of parents trying to get their kids to walk home. That was the only time I saw the same thing as in Vegas. The vendors were pretty much all full. I did find one place that was very empty, and the only other vendor was at the point where the ramp was almost dead, and there was no other way to get to it, other than to drive up the ramp and then through a wall of other people trying to get to the point, which would

Sequence 125:
[SOFT PROMPT]Orioles Draft updates
The Orioles have agreed to terms with 23 of their 49 selections in the 2010 First Year Player Draft. Here’s the list with the round the player was selected in: Riley Hornback (12), Jeremy Nowak (13),Michael Mosby (14), Joseph Oliveira: << < http://menspicks.mlblogs.com/archives/2011/09/29/o_riley_hornback_11.html >: http://menspicks.mlblogs.com/archives/2011/09/30/o_riley_nowak_12.html >: http://menspicks.mlblogs.com/archives/2011/09/30/o_joe_oliveira_14.html >: http://menspicks.mlblogs.com/archives/2011/09/30/o

Sequence 126:
[SOFT PROMPT]« AND THE PREMISE OF HIS CAMPAIGN IS THAT HE'S A SMART BUSINESSMAN?: |
| AND THEY WONDER WHY WE'RE WINNING?: »
SURE, IT WOULD BE MORE HONEST...:
Jeter captains Turn 2 Foundation event (Doug Miller, 1/31/08, MLB.com)
...but you can hardly expect him to call of all the people in his organization who can't afford to buy a baseball. That's what makes him such a good businessman. "We have a million kids who need baseballs," Jeter said, "and if we can't get them for them, they don't get the chance to play."
It's a strange contradiction, isn't it? "If you can't afford to buy a baseball, you can't afford not to buy a baseball." Why not?
"What we're trying to do is give kids who are in need of baseballs a chance to play," Jeter said. "And if we can

Sequence 127:
[SOFT PROMPT]November 19, 2012	Notes from the road: Kansas City, MO	Tweet
As the lights came up on the stage of the Sprint Center in Kansas City, Bruce greeted the crowd by saying that “when you come to Kansas City, you can’t resist playing this song – so we’ll play it as /|?v| / |?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|?v|

Sequence 128:
[SOFT PROMPT]@nes-native-english-services
active 2 days, 19 hours ago
NES – Native English Services started the forum topic Ok…first things first…Why the heck is it that I can't…. in the group How-To and Troubleshooting 2 years, 6 months ago
“Zoom-in” on the buddypressIn the buddypress community we are living in today, if we are not speaking English, we are not living. It is very important that we learn how to communicate in English. There are a lot of things we have to learn, it is easy to learn, but if we don’t learn how to communicate in English, we are in a bad situation. To be able to communicate in English, you have to learn English, so I am going to tell you how to do that in this tutorial.The first thing you need to learn is how to use the Internet in English. I have found that using the Internet is

Sequence 129:
[SOFT PROMPT]WTF? Author Edits Lincoln
I enjoy Thomas Lowry’s books. I think of them as the People magazine of Civil War literature, and not in a bad way. You can read the books in short bursts, putting them down for a while and returning to them later without losing t1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

1924 Lincoln-Douglas Debate

Sequence 130:
[SOFT PROMPT]in Paramus, NJ 07652 by
 Scout2 is the 'bad' child at the bottom of the tree.
 Scout1 is the parent of Scout2.
 Scout2 is the parent of Scout1.
 Scout2 is the parent of Scout1.
 Scout1 is the parent of Scout2.
 Scout1 is the parent of Scout2.
 Scout2 is the parent of Scout1.
 Scout1 is the parent of Scout2.
 Scout1 is the parent of Scout2.
 Scout1 is the parent of Scout2.
 Scout1 is the parent of Scout2.
 Scout2 is the parent of Scout1.


Sequence 131:
[SOFT PROMPT]Winnebago recognized as top motor home manufacturer
Thursday, February 14, 2013 11:10 AM
Winnebago Industries Inc., of Forest City, has been recognized by Statistical
Surveys Inc. as the top performing motor home manufacturer in the country in
2012. In the than
November 11, 2012 Winnebago recognized as top motor home manufacturer in the country in
November 2012.
Winnebago’s full 2012 Statistical Survey of the Manufacturer Industry (SSMI)
results are available in the Winnebago Library’s Research & Marketing
Resources and in the Winnebago Industry Reference Database (WIRDB)
search engine. The SSMI is the only survey of its kind, covering all
manufacturers, by all manufacturers, for all years. The Winnebago SSMI is
the largest survey of its kind. Winnebago recognizes that the
results of the SS

Sequence 132:
[SOFT PROMPT]CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator Presents at SAALT Conference About |
Activist Corner >> Today is Wednesday, April 16, 2014 CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator Presents at SAALT Conference March 18, 2007 CAIR-Chicago Government Relat-
Shocking Video
This man has been filmed using a hidden camera in a mall, by what appears to be a rogue security guard,
who appears to be directing the camera at someone else, as the man, wearing a large hoodie and jeans, walks by the camera, seeming to be in a hurry.

It appears that the man has gone into a shop and a woman appears to be directing him. The woman is holding a handbag and appears to be wearing sunglasses. The man is clearly focused on the camera, and appears to be pointing it at the woman and talking into the camera. The woman

Sequence 133:
[SOFT PROMPT]California Appellate Report
Thoughts on recent Ninth Circuit and California appellate cases from Professor Shaun Martin at the University of San Diego School of Law.
People v. Cordell (Cal. Ct. App. - June 1, 2011)
It's June. And here's another guy who's n     This essay, "Law and the Intersection of Crime and Punishment," is reprinted from the June 2011 issue of Law and Philosophy, Vol. 31, No. 3, with permission from the editor, Martin, Shaun, and co-authors, Peter Zeiher and Bruce Baker. The article was first published in the Winter 2011 issue of Law and Philosophy. Martin's article originally appeared as an op-ed in the February 2010 issue of the Washington Post.
The Supreme Court of California decided yesterday that it has the power to re-examine all of the cases that were previously decided by the Court. This was the

Sequence 134:
[SOFT PROMPT]March 7/09 9:24 am - Tour de PEI Returns for 2009Posted by Editor on 03/7/09 The Tour de PEI organizing committee is gearing up for the return of world-class cycling across Prince Edward Island.Tour de PEI, presented by Scotiabank, showcases Prince Edward / PEI's most innovative cycling venues and a signature event of the Fédération Internationale de Cyclisme (FIDIC). The event returns to Prince Edward Island for the 2009 event season with 20-plus bike-racing venues from which to select and which will host an extensive and dynamic schedule of over 140 cyclists. A series of touring events will offer an opportunity for visitors to experience PEI's cycling heritage.
Manufacturer: Scotiabank
March 7/09 9:21 am - Tour de PEI Returns for 2009Posted by Editor on 03/7/09 The Tour de PEI organizing committee is g

Sequence 135:
[SOFT PROMPT]The blog that used to be here is now at http://www.taylormarshall.com/2008/08/is-christ-savior-of-his-mother-mary_09.html.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Tuesday that there is “no question” that Israel has the right to defend itself, but he added that “our only hope is to try to resolve this dispute peacefully.”

Obama spoke in Jerusalem after a meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and described his administration’s efforts to restart peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians.

“This is not a time to be angry,” Obama said, calling on Palestinians to make a “generous offer” to the Israelis.

The president said he had “serious concerns” about Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas

Sequence 136:
[SOFT PROMPT]Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN)
+ Watch REGN
The Company is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, and intends to commercialize pharmaceutical products for the treatment of serious medical conditions.
pchop123
Submitted: 4/9/20 change post 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1

Sequence 137:
[SOFT PROMPT]Christian Apologetics and Research Ministry Gardening by Matt SlickSome people might not think that parenting is a part of apologetics. But, it is. Christian parents have a great deal of influence in what their children think about the Lord. After all, isn justin.amazon.com
Retail Value Survey: You are what you read-The power of Christianity is not found in its story. Christian faith is found in how you interact with it. So, the power of Christianity is not found in its story, but it is found in how you interact with it. — John Piper
Research: What I've found in my years of research, is that Christians tend to make more errors when they're defensive than when they're aggressive. — Jason Merritt
Retail Value Survey: Do you think God uses the media?
(20)
Christian Answers Research: "

Sequence 138:
[SOFT PROMPT]You Are Here: home / Events on March 2, 2013
Books and Brew Book Club Saturday, March 2, 2013
10:30 AM - 11:30 AM Directions to this location: Woods Run More info... Teen Book Club: Looking for Alaska Saturday, March 2, 2013
Discussions happen the first Sa after school programs.
This event is a place to learn about books and the world of books in a fun, informal way. For information about the upcoming book club, see below. Meet at the bar at 10:30 for 11:30. Meet and...
On March 2, join us for a special event to learn about books and the world of books in a fun, informal way. For information about the upcoming book club, see below. This event is a place to learn about books and the world of books in a fun, informal way. For information about the upcoming book club, see below.
The book club will

Sequence 139:
[SOFT PROMPT]UNITED STATES v. BRYAN, 339 U.S. 323 (1950)
UNITED STATES v. BRYAN.
CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CIRCUIT. No. 99. Argued December 15, 1949.
Decided May 8, 1950.
Respondent was the executive secretary and had10 daily supervisory duties over approximately 600 employees, most of whom were paid employees of the corporation. He had been promoted to his present position by way of a succession of steps in succession, each of which was subject to the approval of the Board of Directors. The Board consisted of nine persons.
In July, 1948, Bryan received notice that his position as secretary would be abolished and he was advised that he should prepare to take a transfer to another position. On July 20, 1948, he wrote to his wife that he was resigning and requested her to inform the Board.
The resignation was received by the Board on July 21,

Sequence 140:
[SOFT PROMPT]~ Friday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 10:1-12Thursday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:41-50Wednesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:38-40Tuesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:30-37Monday of the Seventh Week i of Ordinary TimeMark 9:28-31Saturday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:28-31Saturday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:28-31Saturday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:28-31Saturday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:28-31Saturday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:28-31Saturday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:28-31Saturday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:28-31Saturday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:28