Sequence 0:
[SOFT PROMPT]The quick brown fox jumps is an intermediate or simplified version of a conversation between a speaker and a speaker's interlocutor. It is intended to be shorter than the full conversation and to be spoken in public, without a listener being able to hear the whole conversation, without the speaker being able to hear the interlocutor's voice. For example, one of the examples given is the conversation between Bill and a colleague in the Microsoft Corp. offices in the US. Bill says, "Hey, Steve. What's up? I just got your e-mail. Do you know if we should hire you? Can I get you an e-mail from your boss? If

Sequence 1:
[SOFT PROMPT]The creature, low and squat, peered aside me;  quality has been kept in the library for a very long time. The beginning of the creatures’ history was likely the night before their capture. The creatures are “a family of vampires that date back to the time of the Dark Ages.” http://www.jgott.org/entitlement/vampire-a-family-of-vampires-that-date-back-to-the-time-of-the-dark-ages/
A group of vampire species.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vampire_species A creature that feeds on blood, has a small

Sequence 2:
[SOFT PROMPT]Meow! Hiss! The real problem facing Novosibirsk in the wake of The Great Cat-astrophe of 1846 is not a lack of tourists. Nor is it the insufficient number of ships on the river, which has been closed for a few years now. Nor is it the excessive cost of repairs. Nor is it the short life expectancy of the overland-bound steamer - the only way to get to Novosibirsk is by rail or sea. The real problem is not the locals, but the business class and the cruise-ship industry, which both provide a tangible proof of the mighty cost of travel. In the beginning of this century, when all that was standing on the steppes of Siberia was the word "rub

Sequence 3:
[SOFT PROMPT]Curiously, AI capabilities have not improved much since the was essentially a trivial thing that could be replicated with a bit of googling, or on some particular AI system with a sufficiently rich ontology, but it's certainly not as abstract as it might seem. For instance, the system I'm using to make a comment about posts in the comments section of my blog is completely abstract.
Yet the number of real world applications of AI has exploded, and these applications are becoming much more sophisticated. What's more, these advances are allowing the number of applications to explode further, as I pointed out in the post, so that AI has become an integral part of every aspect of our lives. AI has

Sequence 4:
[SOFT PROMPT]I tried to get him to give me a cup of water but he just kept saying ' in a strange tone, but then he said 'the water's free' and was laughing hysterically.
I told him that I was going to do it, but I was too scared to go. He said 'okay' and left the room. It was weird because he didn't really seem to care if I did it or not. Then I tried to make my way to the kitchen but he blocked my way and kept talking to me in a weird way. I went back to the room and tried to get him to tell me that I could use the bathroom, but he said 'oh no' and then told me that

Sequence 5:
[SOFT PROMPT]Densely informative loss functions have an advantage in optimization landscapes that in the 6th place with a loss function of approximately 0.1875, and an average improvement of 5.14% over the state-of-the-art with a loss function of approximately 0.4568. This loss function outperforms state-of-the-art models on a variety of metrics and is generally better than the average loss function.
Trees can be represented as a hierarchy of nodes with one root node and multiple leaf nodes. The number of nodes at each level is limited, and the leaf nodes have a lower cost than the nodes at higher levels. The cost of a node is the sum of the

Sequence 6:
[SOFT PROMPT]'Not a fan of that at all,' he said. 'I prefer cayenne pepper in my cereal.'Cayenne pepper is a small red bell pepper that can be used as a seasoning. It's often used as a rub on meat or as a substitute for salt in soups and stews. You can find it at most grocery stores and on the Internet. It is usually available in cans or bottles. 'I use it in everything, including my soups,' he said. 'It's a great flavor enhancer. I love it. It's a little spicy, so if you're not a fan of spicy food, you might be a little upset.' The jar that Tom sells has his logo on it and it comes with

Sequence 7:
[SOFT PROMPT]Want to hear one weird trick to reason about the differences between two phones
in terms of power and performance.
>>> I don't think the authors of Android or Windows Mobile can make any claims about
different
designs, so the article is not so useful.
>>> The OP does not need to be so much interested in whether the two phones
are
designed to be similar or different.
>>> This article is about just one example of an interesting,
well-designed, and
useful
concept
>>> He seems to think the two phone designs are similar.
>>> There is no real reason to be confused about what is a phone and what

Sequence 8:
[SOFT PROMPT]THE TEN BIGGEST REASONS WHY YOU STILL CAN'Tor, in some cases, what the character does in his speech. There are also questions about whether it is true, as we say, that you cannot believe a god or gods that have been described as, say, good or very good or wise. We don't know. Some of us think the world would be a better place if we had better or smarter or more imaginative gods. But we don't. The idea of the world as a good place would seem a pretty good idea if we had some god that just happened to have a really nice face. The fact that we don't is not just an interesting thought. It

Sequence 9:
[SOFT PROMPT]I'm... darkly amused, maybe, but mostly sickened. My most-viewed video on youtube was about *NIX, which is why I was fascinated to find out that Linux isn't Linux, and the reason I even care to run it. It's like all the people who try to use their Linux systems for things like surfing the web, watching videos, or playing games. They can't stand it. But at the same time, they're afraid of it. They don't want to use it because they don't want to learn to use it. But they're afraid to be wrong, because they're afraid to face the possibility of their ignorance.
Why is Linux the best thing ever?
I like it because it's one

Sequence 10:
[SOFT PROMPT]If you look at the math, most babies spend at least 6 months in orbit around Earth beforebecoming familiar with Earth, their parents and teachers.
Other books and other topics:
Natural World of Space Travel, Chris Knowles, Bantam Books, 2000 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel, Pocket Books, 2001.
Paradise on Earth: A Memoir of Mission, Jimmy D. Baugh, Doubleday, 2003.
Space Travel: The Beginning, Ray Rippy, Hyperion, 2003.
The Making of a Scientist: How I Became a NASA Astronaut, Michael E. Mann, Hyperion, 2005.
Gadget 2: The Amazing Story of the

Sequence 11:
[SOFT PROMPT]INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE FOR DOG SHAPED COOKIES: Paper submission, Introduction: the International Conference for Dog-Shaped Cookies: Conference Abstracts, Proceedings, Posters, and Videos will be published in this paper. First, I will present a preliminary draft of the paper, which has been edited by my co-authors, with input from a few reviewers, to which I am grateful. The paper is available at http://www.mwc-lancs.ac.uk/events/international-conference-for-dog-shaped-cookies/ Please send me any questions, comments, suggestions, etc. that you might have. Email: kshapiro@mwc-

Sequence 12:
[SOFT PROMPT]New reports indicate that no one likes webdev. 'It's just so', said one developer, ' has gone beyond. 'The reason is obvious: the webdev community is small, which means that, unlike on other platforms, there's little incentive to create plugins that can perform lots of complex tasks in a language the average developer isn't familiar with. The opposite is true for desktop devs, too, who often end up writing a custom solution that will perform some very specific tasks in a language they're only familiar with. I believe that it's time for this to change.'
http://www.hackersupreme.com/blog/2012/01/21/i-need-a-new-internet

Sequence 13:
[SOFT PROMPT]ABOUT AWB
KIDS ARE KIDS
JOIN THE CAST
<< Back to AWB News
Christine Rouse is honored on the “Today Show”
The executive director of Acting Without Boundaries (AWB), Christine Rouse, was featured on the NBC Today Show with “Kathie Lee and Hoda” on March 1, 2::13.
Rouse spoke on “The Today Show” about the “AWB Family” as well as her book “AWB for Kids: More than One Way to Be Happy.”
AWB is the nation’s leading resource for children who are ready to take their life back and become their own parents. For more information about AWB, visit www.AWB.org.
ABOUT “KATIE LEE AND HODA”
KATIE LEE is a hit television show, a CBS sitcom, a daytime talk show and a weekly television show, which has been on the air since

Sequence 14:
[SOFT PROMPT]Read More	Music News
Taylor Swift Promises Reinvention & Collaborations On Next Album
View Comments	(Courtesy Big Machine Records)
new music, red, sweeter than fiction, Taylor Swift
Following the success of her last album, Red, Taylor Swift says she’ll be  view more comments
Search for the new Taylor Swift songs in iTunes.
Purchase Taylor Swift songs in iTunes.
View Taylor Swift lyrics on Big Machine Records.
Listen to Taylor Swift on Spotify.
View Taylor Swift songs on Spotify.
Listen to Taylor Swift on Spotify.
View Taylor Swift's YouTube channel.
View Taylor Swift's Instagram.
View Taylor Swift's Facebook.
View Taylor Swift's Twitter.
View Taylor Swift's Facebook profile.
View Taylor Swift's Google+ profile.
View Taylor Swift's Google+ page.
View Taylor Swift's Pinterest page.
View Taylor Swift's

Sequence 15:
[SOFT PROMPT]for reference. The original video has been deleted and is no longer available. Manuel returns to practiceORCHARD PARK, N.Y. Buffalo Bills quarterback EJ Manuel returned to practice Sunday after missing two weeks because of a left knee injury.Manuel partici the file name contains an "I" and a number.
The file contains a name of the person who uploaded the video. The file name must be less than one hour old.
This page will help you to create your own video clip.
Please copy the video name in the file name box.
Make sure that the text "My video" is not highlighted in the box.
Then, press the "Next" button.
Select "Photo" from the menu.
Upload your photo.
Upload your photo using the following command:
"%FOLDER%/www/my-video.flv

Sequence 16:
[SOFT PROMPT]Ciara, VH1 Divas 2012, VH1 DIVAS, Ciara, VH1 DIVAS Photos, Tune In Live Sunday Dec. 16 9/8c at VH1
0 Comments	Vh1 Divas 2012: Ciara Performs Michael Jackson Tribute
Ciara danced to Michael Jackon’s “Billie Jean” during Vh1 Divas. She earned cheers from the had been singing the Michael Jackson song at the tribute concert.
Read More	Vh1 Divas 2012: Ciara Performs Michael Jackson Tribute
The VH1 Divas concert, which was held at the V Theater in Los Angeles on Sunday night, featured performances from the late Michael Jackson and Ciara. The VH1 Divas 2012 was directed by Mark Kaminska and produced by Lydia Stefano.
Read More	Vh1 Divas 2012: Ciara Performs Michael Jackson Tribute
Ciara sang her hit “Billie Jean” at the tribute concert. She earned cheers from

Sequence 17:
[SOFT PROMPT]4 Mind 4 Life: Mental Health Tips
Mental Health Tips
Brain Fog Causes and Cloudy Thinking
Created by Drew | : New Brain Information You should know that brain fog is very common to experience for people of all ages. Brain fog can happen to anyone, young orthis is probably just to get to the end of the post.
Published on: Oct 1, 2016 This article is copyright by: Caitlin Dewey and it is for the use of you or anyone else who reads it. You can print this page out, or you can save it to your computer and send it to someone else. You can share this page with your friends, or you can share this page with others by using any of the sharing options below.
Creative Commons: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/2.0/ Creative Commons: This is an excerpt from

Sequence 18:
[SOFT PROMPT]hide Positive outlook in heart disease tied to fewer deaths
Friday, September 20, 2013 9:20 a.m. EDT
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - People with heart disease who are more upbeat and excited tend to live longer than those who don't have such a positive outlook'[The present invention relates to a thermal transfer recording sheet for recording a character or image, and a thermal transfer recording apparatus having the same.
Thermal transfer recording has been used widely for recording a character or image, such as an image, a map, or a graph, by forming a thermal transfer image on a recording sheet.
For example, in the thermal transfer recording, a character or image is formed on a thermal transfer recording sheet having a transfer material containing a polymer, such as polyurethane, and the thermal transfer image is transferred to a recording medium, such as a sheet of paper, using a thermal head.

Sequence 19:
[SOFT PROMPT]hide U.S. rethinking lowest-priced contract rule for guarding embassies
Friday, March 22, 2013 1:08 a.m. EDT
By Susan Cornwell
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lawmakers are reconsidering a 1990 law that makes the State Department accept the lowest bids for contract provides affordable, accessible, and reliable information and the analysis of economic, social, political, and security data. The program is administered by the Department of State's Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs. http://www.dso.state.gov/national/global/information_systems/pdf/Privacy.pdf
• Privacy policy
• Background information
• Requirements
• Privacy and Data Collection Statement
• Our mission
• Implementation plan
• Data security
• Additional information
This is the policy statement of the Department of State's Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs (BEB).
The Department of State encourages the

Sequence 20:
[SOFT PROMPT]Beth Israel Medical Center, NY
Ricardo Cruciani, M.D., Ph.D., Department of Pain Medicine and Palliative Care, Beth Israel Medical Center Hi, my name is Ricardo Cruciani, I'm an M.D. and Ph.D., a pain specialist and I'm the Vice Chairman and Director of thThe PA Medical School.I've always been interested in medicine, and I believe that it's a calling that will shape my life.I received my Bachelor's degree in Neurology at the University of Buenos Aires (UBA), Argentina, in 1986, and graduated from the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Buenos Aires (UBA) in 1992. I was accepted to the residency program in Pain Medicine at Beth Israel Medical Center (BIMC) in 1997, and completed the Residency Program in Pain Medicine in 1998. In 2002, I was selected as a Fellow of the American Pain Society and accepted to the fellowship program in Pain

Sequence 21:
[SOFT PROMPT]How to Conquer Recession Depression
Oct. 7, 2008 By KATE BARRETT Listen in at a coffee shop, stop a stranger on the street or strike up a conversation at the bus stop and you'll likely hear a story like Marie Moore's.
Struggling to pay her bills and concer commandeerconomy, as it's commonly known, was a long and arduous process that required the unparalleled abilities of a number of people. And it's not like it was a small endeavor either.
In the mid-19th century, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, more than 8 million people were employed in the fields of agriculture, forestry, and fishing. Today, it's estimated that there are only about a million Americans employed in those same fields. The latest data shows that the number of unemployed workers in the U.S. has risen by about 4 million since October

Sequence 22:
[SOFT PROMPT]Live	PHOTOS: Tattoos in the military
Tale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body Ink
David, who asked that is face not be shown because he is with Special Operations, has his left arm almost entirely covered in tattoos. The designs include rays of light, angels an of life, and other "essences of existence" that were "kindling" in the soldier's "mind" during his service in the United States military. Tattoos are becoming more and more popular in the military, which has made it difficult for them to keep their original designs. Some say that a soldier who has a tattoo can get away with not having to change it. But if the tattoo is a personal expression, it's best to let the tattoo artist explain it. When Tattoo U.S. military body ink artist David Smith started tattooing in the United States, he found it difficult to obtain a license to do

Sequence 23:
[SOFT PROMPT]Protests in Turkey
Chaos in Istanbul
Erdem Gunduz stands in a silent protest at Taksim Square in Istanbul, June 18, 2013. Gunduz staged an eight-hour silent vigil in Taksim Square, scene of violent clashes between police and anti-government protesters in r was told by Dr. Wael S. Al-Qassemi. "In a sense, what happened in Istanbul was a clash between two groups. One is the minority group, which is the Kurdish minority. The other is the government. There is no doubt that the government is more at odds with the people. The government is putting up roadblocks to prevent the people from gathering, and it has declared a state of emergency in order to prevent the people from gathering in the streets." Dr. Al-Qassemi added, "When you are in the middle of a conflict, you cannot take a step back. You

Sequence 24:
[SOFT PROMPT]Live	Home> International
Reporter's Notebook: One Face From Tahrir Square, Cairo
CAIRO, Feb. 3, 2011
By DAVID MUIR
David Muir More from David »
Weekend Anchor, "World News" Follow @DavidMuir
Sherief Gaberf shows his injuries after being struck in the face  night by a car in Tahrir Square
Pictures of the man struck by the car, while in the hospital, show his eye swollen and his face bruised and cut.
(AP)
"I was a little bit afraid," said Ghannam. "When the ambulance came, it took me to the hospital, and they took a look at my face. They were very, very careful."
He said the doctor who examined him told him he had fractured his nose.
"He told me that I had fractured my nose," Ghannam said. "When he examined my face, he said that it

Sequence 25:
[SOFT PROMPT]Abiding Word Ev. Lutheran Church
Proclaiming God's Word in Bowling Green, Ohio.
HomePastor Luke UlrichSermonsWhere We Are…
Looking for a place to Abide in His Word? Join Us on Sundays: 9:00 am Sunday School; 10:00 am Divine Service
John 8:31-32 Jesus said: the Son of Man will come in the glory of His Father with His angels, and then He will reward each one according to his works.He will come again in glory, and all the faithful in Christ will be gathered together in His kingdom.
Hebrews 10:14-18 The Faithful Word of God Is Preached to All the Nations
1. It is a common desire of the Lord to guide and direct His people in all things. He is not content to let them go by blindly. He wants them to walk in the light of His Word, and to know that He is working through them. He is

Sequence 26:
[SOFT PROMPT]Hurricane Isaac Videos: Anderson Cooper reporting in Louisiana	As Tropical Storm Isaac gained strength in the Gulf of Mexico over the weekend Anderson flew from the Republican National Convention in Tampa to New Orleans.
On Tuesday, shortly after 11 a.m. C is one of the longest, the New York Times article, described by the French linguist Roland Barthes as “a veritable diarrhoea of speech” (1991: 105).
After nearly two weeks of rain, the storm is now in the eye of a hurricane. According to New Orleans resident Wilma, “it’s definitely going to be a hurricane” (New Orleans Post, 8/26/12).
The worst-case scenario in this hurricane is that the storm will pass just east of New Orleans, and even then, it could make landfall as a Category 1 hurricane. A Category 1 hurricane has

Sequence 27:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home » News & Events » Ecumenical Patriarchate Ecumenical Patriarchate 20 Total Articles< Previous 1234 Next >
2010 Patriarchal Encyclical on Great and Holy Lent
Beloved brothers and sisters, children in the Lord,
Tomorrow, we enter the period of Holy and Keeping with the general theme of this edition, let us be grateful for the gift of the New Year and especially for the grace of the Divine Mercy Sunday, that is, the feast of Divine Mercy Sunday, which we are about to celebrate. And as we do so, let us think of the Apostle Peter, whose name we have mentioned already, and we shall be reminded of his prayer in which he asked for “grace to help us” in our time of need, for he was asking for grace to help him. “For the grace of God has appeared, that, as it is written, “No eye

Sequence 28:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sign up for the Daily Drop so you don't miss out on AR's daily had been on page 1 of the collection's file to keep the page intact and to avoid resizing.
done
Copy to this page
Create a new collection
Create a new page
Browse
Create a new page
Browse
Copy to this page
Create a new collection
Create a new page
Copy to this page
Create a new collection
Create a new page
Browse
Copy to this page
Create a new collection
Create a new page
Browse
Copy to this page
Create a new collection
Create a new page
Browse
Copy to this page

Sequence 29:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home Baltimore News Baltimore News
Baltimore Gas&Electric (BG&E), Potomac Electric Power Co. (PEPCO), and Delmarva Power Co. (Courtesy Image) Md. Gives Customers a Break on Utility Cutoffs
BALTIMORE (AP) — The Maryland Public Service Commission says utilit Fulton, Md. has had an outage for the past two weeks.
The utility says it will restore power to customers within the next five hours, and it will not restore power to customers for more than four hours.
PUC Chairman Robert A. Williams said the utility's restoration is necessary to keep the lights on in the surrounding communities.
The state's utilities commission is working with Maryland's emergency management agency, the Maryland State Police, the Maryland National Guard, and the Maryland Emergency Management Agency to coordinate the response.
Williams said he hopes that the utility will be able to make good on its promise to restore power

Sequence 30:
[SOFT PROMPT]Black Church ‘Keeper of the Flame’ Gala to Celebrate Obama Second Inauguration
by AFRO Staff African American Church Inaugural Ball (Courtesy Image)
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The leaders of African American churches will, once again, convene in Washington, D.C.  the First Inaugural Ball.
From the balcony of the home of Pastor Bob Jordan in the Black Church’s section of Washington, D.C., President Barack Obama will officially open the Inaugural Ball. He will be followed by his wife, Michelle, and daughter, Malia, who will then speak.
“My greatest honor is to serve as your president,” Obama will say as he speaks. “To be the first African American president of the United States is an honor that has been earned by countless Americans.”
The Inaugural Ball will feature a free concert by the Dallas Black Church. The Black Church

Sequence 31:
[SOFT PROMPT]ShareThis AFT and members strongly support Chicago Teachers Union
The AFT and our members around the country stand firmly with the Chicago Teachers Union and will support its members in their efforts to secure a fair contract that will enable them to give  also included in the article notwithstanding the fact that the CPTO’s preliminary decision on the merits of the Board’s charges
stated that the CPTO had “implicitly concluded that the [the teacher-pay] increase in 2016 was appropriate, given that there were no changes in the numbers of teachers on the payroll in the previous year.” It further stated that the Board’s decision was “reasonable, supported by substantial evidence and not arbitrary or capricious.”
Indeed, the Board’s decision was not arbitrary or capricious, and it was based on substantial evidence.
See CTU v. Pritz

Sequence 32:
[SOFT PROMPT]...catching myself at Recoleta Cemetary
...tweeting
annabel twitterpated
...linking
My Yelp Page
UCLA Extension
L.A. Conservancy
...blogging
Belated resolutions for 2011
(posted here in order to make them real)1) Travel more.Last year was a banner year foritaly... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy... italy

Sequence 33:
[SOFT PROMPT]CONNECT with us. HomeCollectionsObjectsMilitary Personal Items
Military Personal Items A selection of military uniforms and personal equipment from World War I through the Cold War. This group includes examples from the United States armed forces and other finding of ‘Wyoming Shooting’ <a href="https://books.google.com/books?id=ZDZkCAAAAIAAJ&amp;pg=PA182&amp;lpg=PA182&amp;dq=Wyoming+Shooting+2014+%22Wyoming+Shooting+2014+%22Wyoming+Shooting+2014+%22Wyoming+Shooting+2014+%22Wyoming+Shooting+2014+%22Wyoming+Shooting+2014+%22Wyoming+Shooting+2014

Sequence 34:
[SOFT PROMPT]Rogue 5-string
redwoodmike
NewUsername: redwoodmikePost Number: 6Registered: 9-2008Posted on Thursday, June 27, 2013 - 11:11 am: Hello...I have a 1996 Rogue 5-string that I want to sell. I put it up on Craigslist in the SF Bay area at a price of $1,700 and? received two bids. The first one was a mid-tier black nylon (I think it was in the $1,200 range) that was torn in half, leaving a big hole in the front of the guitar. The other bid was from a local guy, and it was a yellow or orange stain on the guitar. I know it is not original to the guitar because I am pretty sure it is a Rogue guitar that I got in my youth and they have never been restored. I know that I am going to have to paint it, but I don't want to cover up the big hole. I would appreciate any information

Sequence 35:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home / History of The Eagles
History of The Eagles
The Story of an American Band
Item: 40-581799
Category: Personality DVD
Format: 3 Blu-ray Discs
This 3 Disc Blu-ray in 5.1 Surround Sound and Stereo is packaged in a six-panel digipak with accompanying pho and will be available in stores and online on November 19th, 2016.// Copyright (c) 2015 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
// Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
// found in the LICENSE file.

#include "components/autofill/core/browser/web_autofill_result_matcher.h"

#include <utility>

#include "base/strings/utf_string_conversions.h"
#include "base/time/time.h"
#include "components/

Sequence 36:
[SOFT PROMPT]algebraicthunk.net/ blog/ entry/ Close Encounters of the Automotive Kind
I got run over by a car on Wednesday.
Well, that's an exaggeration. My foot got run over by a car on Wednesday. I was trying to cross, in a crosswalk, in front of a red SUV that was s—/end (text)--- )/home---/blog/ entry/ post/ ~c.text-- )/home---/blog/ entry/ post/.)I got run over by a car on Wednesday.I was trying to cross, in a crosswalk, in front of a red SUV that was shetti (text)my foot got run over by a car on Wednesday. I was trying to cross, in a crosswalk, in front of a red SUV that was scliffe (text)it was a buss (text) (text)---/end (text)----/home---/blog

Sequence 37:
[SOFT PROMPT]This blog is dedicated to those that truly bring a story to life: The Villains! In movies, comics, games, books, even in real life, villains make everything possible. So now we've decided to pay tribute to all the great villains of the world. We've come to several ways to view this list and then try to decipher the clues to who you may have forgotten.It's always nice to be reminded of your favorite villains. Here are a few links to some of the greatest villains of all time:• Saving Private Ryan: Even though the movie is in the 1940's, this is the greatest villains list I've ever seen• Blackadder: Blackadder is probably the most memorable villains list ever, even though the main characters are fictional characters.• Harry Potter: There are plenty of villains listed here, but Harry Potter was my favorite. • Superman: This is a

Sequence 38:
[SOFT PROMPT]« Traveling all-star softball...
Maryland joining Big Ten»
No Ben means no win for Steelers
By Buck Frank (bfrank@altoonamirror.com)
Save | PITTSBURGH - It was a typical Steelers-Bal-timore Ravens game Sunday night. Neither team was able to muster much off death in the top of the first inning, but the offense kept the game close throughout. The Steelers put the ball in play four times in the game. The Ravens kept the ball in play once. The Steelers made errors and they were made costly. For once, Pittsburgh is in a position to make a difference, even if it is a win for them.
"We didn't play very well," Steelers coach Pat Shurmur said. "We got ourselves in trouble with a few bad calls."
Pittsburgh (11-2) has scored two runs or fewer in each of its last four games, and it has

Sequence 39:
[SOFT PROMPT]Africa in Western media
Please, please: don't tell me that the White Man does not care about Africa. wasoeriictips worth reading:
https://www.scribd.com/document/334843641/The-Kill-Jobs-Dilemma
https://www.scribd.com/document/334838884/Ferguson-Police-Shoot-Unarmed-Black-Man-In-Civil-Rights-Debate-What-Will-Be-The-Case-Against-Police-Narcotics-Economics
https://www.scribd.com/document/334837013/The-Kentucky-Grand-Jury-Is

Sequence 40:
[SOFT PROMPT]Question:	Where did dale earnhardt jr finish in todays nascar race? Answer:	Earnhardt started and finished in 20th place. Jeff Gordon came in 1st. AnswerParty
Jeff Gordon ×
Jeff Gordon Details
Jeffery Michael "Jeff" Gordon (born August 4, 1971) is an AmeriLinda Jean "Linda" Gordon (born February 1, 1970) is an American former professional stock car driver. She was inducted into the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 2005.Inductees must be 50 years old by September 1, 2005.Gordon was born in Springfield, Missouri. He began racing in stock car racing at the age of 17 and made his NASCAR debut at the age of 21. His first NASCAR start was at the 1987 Daytona 500, where he finished 20th. He won his first pole at Talladega in 1988, and his first NASCAR race at Charlotte in 1989.

Sequence 41:
[SOFT PROMPT]Jacob Lawrence American 1917 -2000 Born:
Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States Studied:
Harlem Art Workshop American Artists School, New York Exhibited:
Lawrence One-Man Show, Museum of Modern Art, New Y Examples of Work:
Baltimore Museum of Art, MD Hir at large-scale federal spending.He was a long-time Washington Post columnist and a prolific author. He was an editorial board member of the New York Times and The Washington Post, and was editor of the New York Post from 1953 to 1955. His books include "The World's Greatest Detective," "The Vanishing American" and "Murder on the Orient Express."American statesmen, with a distinguished record of service, served in the American Armed Forces. Some of the highest positions held by Americans were as district attorneys, ambassadors, justices of the Supreme Court and governors. They include such distinguished names as James Garfield,

Sequence 42:
[SOFT PROMPT]Code of the Public Local Laws of Maryland, 1930
350 ARTICLE 2.
ANNAPOLIS.*
P. L. L., 1888, Art. 2, sec. 28. 1898, ch. 370. 1914, ch. 156. 1914 Code, sec. 29.
1. The boundaries of the City of Annapolis shall be as follows: Be- ginning at the corner of the w process and Spruce Streets, a distance of five rods; thence North along the w process of Spruce Streets to the middle of the line of the public highway, and thence South along the middle of the line of the public highway, thence East along the middle of the line of the public highway to the center of the City; thence North along the center of the public highway to the corner of Walnut and Spruce Streets, a distance of one and one-half rods; thence South along the middle of Walnut Street to the middle of the line of the public highway, thence East along

Sequence 43:
[SOFT PROMPT]Despite Everything, Tiger Will Always Be No. 1
by: Frank Deford, NPR, April 16, 2014 2:04:00 am
Frank Deford says there'll never be another Tiger Woods of any sport. // AFP/Getty Images, Karim Sahib
Tiger Woods hasn't won a major in six years, and at 38, s says he's "not sure if I'm enjoying it or if it's just not what I expected."The lack of Tiger Woods-related stories has kept his place on the front page of Sports Illustrated, even though he's won only one major.This is no surprise, though, to ESPN.com's Andy Staples. Staples said that Woods' image has been marred by "stupid comments, stupid plays, and stupid shots."A lot of that has been taken out of context. Woods won his first PGA Tour title in 2006. He was still in his mid-20s. He won the U.

Sequence 44:
[SOFT PROMPT]RCW 51.48.210Delinquent taxes.
If payment of any tax due is not received by the department by the due date, there shall be assessed a penalty of five percent of the amount of the tax for the first month or part thereof of delinquency; there shall be assess without further action. The penalty imposed by RCW 31.30.050 shall be collected from the person liable for the taxes.
RCW 31.30.040 shall apply to all taxes assessed under this section.
RCW 31.30.030 shall apply to any tax imposed by this section.
RCW 31.30.040(2) shall apply to the tax imposed by RCW 31.30.050.
RCW 31.30.050(2) shall apply to the tax imposed by RCW 31.30.030.
RCW 31.30.030(1) shall apply to

Sequence 45:
[SOFT PROMPT]Al-Qaida Arm In Yemen Flexes Its Muscles In Nigeria
Share Tweet E-mail Comments Print By Dina Temple-Raston Originally published on Thu July 12, 2012 11:25 am
Listen	An unusual terrorism case started in Nigeria late last week. Prosecutors in the capital ci by Stephen W. McIntyre Originally published on Thu July 12, 2012 11:24 am
Share Tweet E-mail Comments Print By Dina Temple-Raston Originally published on Thu July 12, 2012 11:24 am
Listen	An unusual terrorism case started in Nigeria late last week. Prosecutors in the capital city of Abuja have launched a criminal investigation against the alleged mastermind of a deadly terrorist attack in Nigeria.
The police have taken custody of a suspect, identified as Mustafa Yahya, from the U.S. embassy in Abuja.
The police say Yahya is suspected of

Sequence 46:
[SOFT PROMPT]by AwesomePerson#2
The most beautiful girl in the world who has an amazing personality. Everybody loves her and wishes they could be friends with her. When she is not around them, they get very sad. Although she has never had a boyfriend, the boys are lini leftovers1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a transmission system, and more particularly to a transmission system for a multi-lane downlink system.
2. Description of the Related Art
As shown in FIG. 1, a conventional transmission system is generally configured by a base station 100 and a plurality of user equipments (UEs) 110, 120. The base station 100 includes a base station controller (BSC) 101, a plurality of base station antennas 110, 120, a plurality of downlink (DL) signals received by the base station antennas 110, 120, and a plurality of uplink (

Sequence 47:
[SOFT PROMPT]Tunisia, Egypt and ElBaradei
In the Guardian, my friend Jack Shenker talks to Mohamed ElBaradei about the risks of a Tunisia-like uprising in Egypt — which ElBaradei does not want:
"What has transpired in Tunisia is no surprise and should be very instructi4nal. In fact, it is somewhat surprising. The country was not in the international spotlight when the first signs of dissent appeared in late February. Yet, at that point the story of Tunisia was not about the beginning of a new phase of democracy, but about a moderate leftist candidate, Amine ElBaradei, who lost a close election in 2005 and had to accept a post in the opposition-controlled parliament."
From this account, it seems ElBaradei’s participation in the post-election process was more about not getting rid of the corrupt and incompetent Ben Ali regime than it was about democracy. But

Sequence 48:
[SOFT PROMPT]Audubon.org
Feature Articles Editor's Note Letters
Audubon View
Field Notes True Nature Incite
Earth Almanac Audubon At Home Reviews
One Picture E.O. Wilson Stuart Pimm Richard Cizik
E-Correspondence
Can religion and environmentalism find common ground in  knew the truth about, would not know how to fix the problem. Audubon's new book Audubon at Home features some of the most creative and comprehensive information and illustrations available on natural history, and is an ideal companion to the recently released Audubon at Home by E.O. Wilson. Audubon at Home is the first book in the series, published by Audubon Natural History and E.O. Wilson's Natural History.
Friends of Audubon I hope this will be the first of many publications that we, as a species, can support and encourage. We cannot accomplish much without you.

Sequence 49:
[SOFT PROMPT]Forums » Economics » Economics Questions » Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism and the Chicago School
Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism and the Chicago School
1,711 Posts Points 29,285
posted on Thu, Nov 22 2012 6:38 PM rated by 0 users
I need some clarification hViolence is the result of the suppression of emotions by laws, and laws by means of morality and fear. In general, the causes of violence are social factors. The destruction of property, war, and famine are, however, a definite cause. Violence is a result of the suppression of emotion. That is, the suppression of emotion is the cause of violence. If I tell you to kill someone, then you must obey. If I tell you not to kill someone, then you must obey. If I tell you to kill someone, then you must obey. I can tell you to kill someone, then you must obey. But

Sequence 50:
[SOFT PROMPT]Arbuthnot Date:
Jan 7, 2008 4:28pm Forum:
Re: The Jerry Question i'm pretty sure i've mentioned it previously, but if i had to choose between the GD & Jerry's side projects, i'd easily choose the latter, even though i ever only got to see the JGB the once  a year, and the GD only the once every 3 months, and the GD just the once every 6 months. It's really the only logical conclusion i could come up with.I really don't understand why you don't like the GD's side projects. It's just as much your taste in music as the GD's. Maybe you are an individualist who enjoys your own music more than your own friends. Or maybe you're a lover of all things Jerry and are more selective about which songs are played on the radio. Or maybe you are a hippie who can't stand all things GD and only enjoy Jerry's music when it

Sequence 51:
[SOFT PROMPT]Utah State football: Joe Hill poised for significant role at running back
USU notes • Soph won't start, but will be a big contributor.
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published August 9, 2012 4:41 pm
Logan • Through two seasons at Utah State, seven car, ||
t
@ • - ——
"., ‘., ‘.,,,,,
The student newspaper of the University of Utah
Deseret News • The Salt Lake Tribune | The Deseret News The Salt Lake Tribune • August 8, 2012
4:41 p.m.
Reports
O, Rally, Oldsters
• He’s played linebacker and safety in his career.
• Leading rusher is senior Jevon Crutchlow, who is second in the state with 711 yards and six touchdowns.
• He has missed just two games

Sequence 52:
[SOFT PROMPT]Utah State football: Aggies' defense challenged but hold up vs. UNLV
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published September 29, 2012 7:58 pm
Logan • Utah State went scoreless in the first quarter, surrendered a first-half touchdown for the first time this DOUBLE PICK
1st-quarter: Utah State 0, UNLV 0
2nd-quarter: Utah State 1, UNLV 0
Third-quarter: Utah State 2, UNLV 0
Fourth-quarter: Utah State 3, UNLV 0
Suffern, Pa. (AP) -- With the lights dimmed and the crowd growing restless, the Utah State football team went for the kill.
So did the Las Vegas Raiders, who had played two weeks of football this year without a win.
Utah State entered Saturday's game with an 0-3 record, one game worse than the previous

Sequence 53:
[SOFT PROMPT]Search within this collection: Recent Submissions
1815 Chap. 0140. An Act To Apportion And Assess A Tax Of One Hundred And Thirty-Three Thousand, Three Hundred And Twenty-Eight Dollars And Fifty-Two Cents, And To Provide For The Reimbursement Of Twenty-Eig on Fractions Of Such Revenue. June 25, 1815.
1815 Chap. 0141. An Act To Assess A Tax Of One Hundred And Thirty-Three Thousand, Three Hundred And Twenty-Eight Dollars And Fifty-Two Cents, And To Provide For The Reimbursement Of Twenty-Eig On Fractions Of Such Revenue. June 25, 1815.
1815 Chap. 0142. An Act To Assess A Tax Of One Hundred And Thirty-Three Thousand, Three Hundred And Twenty-Eight Dollars And Fifty-Two Cents, And To Provide For The Re

Sequence 54:
[SOFT PROMPT]Promoting, Protecting, and Strengthening Home Schooling
EA Blog
About EA
Start Home Schooling
Just Plain Interesting: Springboards for Research on the AmishJune 4th, 2013 by MelissaPublished with PermissionWritten by Karen Robuckwww.TOSMagazine.comI see th in a letter to the editor about her sister’s response to the study that was presented in the September issue of Family Studies. It is interesting that Karen uses a word that I do not think I use: “disturbing.” I think that is a great word to use in this context. My opinion is that it has been a very good word for my sister. It is just one word, and she has had to use many words to explain her research to others. Her other words that are more like “disturbing” are “stimulating” and “alarming.”
In my letter to the editor, I refer

Sequence 55:
[SOFT PROMPT]ARKOFGOD
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope. ( Jeremiah 29:11)
Home10 commandments and the Law of Christbecoming a believercreationism vs evolutionismDeath and resurreHealing and ResurrectionPrayer - God's Word - Psalm 139:1-8 Bible Study Guide for ChildrenPrayer: In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.Amen.The Father, The Son, and The Holy Spirit.Amen.The Father, The Son, and The Holy Spirit.Amen.The Father, The Son, and The Holy Spirit.Amen.The Father, The Son, and The Holy Spirit.Amen.The Father, The Son, and The Holy Spirit.Amen.The Father, The Son, and The

Sequence 56:
[SOFT PROMPT]Moretti Fine Art shows fine works by Italian masters in Shanghai for the first time
The Master of Memphis (Florence, active c.1500-1510), The Holy Family with the Infant Saint John the Baptist and two shepherds. Oil on panel, diameter: 112 cm.
SHANGHAI.- E onlyc@freedompoint.org, CC BY-SA 4.0 International.
Photos by Maren Ines Orfanelli
Images from the show:
Noted artist Thomas Aquinas has been called the greatest painter of the Renaissance, but his influence is as much in the pop art of the 1960s as in the paintings of Rembrandt. The Godfather of pop art, the Italian, was, as a matter of fact, a real Renaissance man, a Renaissance man in the way he handled painting, sculpture, architecture and music. As a young man, he spent his life studying art, and was

Sequence 57:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home→Collections→CrossroadsIN THE NEWSCrossroadsFIND MORE STORIES ABOUT:LoveDelray BeachBandMeetingYoung People| MoreFEATURED ARTICLESLIFESTYLETeaching at the crossroadsAugust 24, 2012Meet another member of South Florida's many-sided faith community. This  that could be shared with other Crossroads writers. To send in your writings, just email them to info@crossroadsforever.com.To find out more about the Crossroads In the Newscrossroads, visit:http://www.crossroadsforever.com
THE NEWSCrossroadsGuitarist Jeff Berlin, known for his multi-faceted performance style, is the latest addition to the Crossroads stable. "In Crossroads, Jeff has created a quintessential rock sound that has been characterized by a rare blend of the blues and rock influences that he brings to the guitar," says Crossroads In The

Sequence 58:
[SOFT PROMPT]Skip to the content | Change text size Monash University - Faculty of Arts
About Arts
Contact Arts
[Staff Only]
Search Monash Arts
Arts Faculty » Journalism, Australian & Indigenous Studies » About the School of Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studie too an online course designed to teach communication skills and intercultural awareness to a group of Australians and Australians from all backgrounds. This course is designed to be a semester long, nine week online course and will run through March 2020. For more information on this course, visit: http://journalism.monash.edu.au/news/
About the School of Journalism
Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studies - School of Journalism
Arts Faculty » Publications, Arts, Culture & Education » About the School of Publications, Arts and Culture, Education, and Cultural Studies, and Monash University - Faculty of Arts
About Arts

Sequence 59:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts tagged with LOMBARDI
May 4, 9:40 am	Winning Isn’t Everything: ‘Lombardi’ to Close on Broadway
By PATRICK HEALY	Sara Krulwich/The New York Times Dan Lauria in the title role in “Lombardi.”
“Lombardi,” the play that tried to draw men to Broadway with a has-been gangster theme, opened last week at the Broadway Theatre and will close tonight, but in the process, will also win the Pulitzer Prize.
The playwright, Paul McGuigan, has worked for decades on his play, which is set in the 1930s and tells the story of “The Man in the Iron Mask,” a gangster who became a pop idol.
“Lombardi” is about a man named Leo (Dan Lauria), who’s responsible for mobster Frank “The Iceman” Lombardi’s death. The actor is in his 50s, but has played younger versions of

Sequence 60:
[SOFT PROMPT]Who was Robert Filliou?
Born January 17, 1926, Sauve, FranceDied 1987, Les EyziesRobert Filliou, a member of Fluxus, the 1960's performance group that specialized in esthetic nonevents, believed that art didn't have to express itself in the form of objects the letter.
To Filliou, the artist was the same as the audience. He wrote, "I wanted to know how the performer felt about the audience, and the performance was always a kind of soliloquy for the audience, but I didn't see any form of affirmation in it."
There was a discussion in an interview with him in 1967:
"In my mind, it was never about the music. It was always about the work, the performance, and the viewer."
As for the "about the work" part of the interview, the audience, he continued, is a kind of "

Sequence 61:
[SOFT PROMPT]Atheism's 10 Commandments
p>I saw a display recently on “Atheism’s 10 Commandments.” In fact, it was brought to my attention by somebody who asked if I had been involved in creating it because it sounds so much like me. When I listened to it, I was horrifi family about it. Then, I watched the video again and was amazed at the depth of the depravity and the utter hatred and disdain for God and His commandments.
>When I listened to it, I was horrifi family about it. Then, I watched the video again and was amazed at the depth of the depravity and the utter hatred and disdain for God and His commandments.
I didn't hear it. I just read it. It doesn't sound like me. I've been reading about "a man with a sword" (as a "priest"?) and was amazed at how horrible

Sequence 62:
[SOFT PROMPT]Symptoms of Infection in Pregnancy
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy vary depending on the infection. Infections such as
cytomegalovirus (CMV),
group B streptococcal disease (GBS),
toxoplasmosis, and some sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) may not have Ectopic pregnancies: In the second trimester, pregnancy usually involves a single embryo or a single placenta. The single embryo may be in a fallopian tube or in the ovary. The single placenta may be in the amniotic sac, in the amnion, or in the chorion. If the placenta is in the amniotic sac, it can be attached to the uterine wall, but is usually floating in the amniotic fluid. The single embryo may be in the fallopian tube, or it may be attached to the uterine wall. If the placenta is attached to the uterine wall, it can cause early pregnancy loss

Sequence 63:
[SOFT PROMPT]Risk Factors for Cervical Cancer
A risk factor is something that increases your chances of developing a disease or condition.
It is possible to develop cervical cancer with or without the risk factors listed below. However, the more risk factors you have, (a) There are many other types of cancer besides cervical cancer. However, the most common types of cancer include: breast, colon, liver, lung, pancreatic, ovarian, prostate, stomach, skin, bladder, brain, and others. (b) Your risk factors may change over time, depending on when you were exposed to a risk factor. Some risk factors are caused by smoking, while others may be genetic. (c) Cervical cancer is the most common type of cancer in women.
Source: National Cancer Institute. Available at: https://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/types/

Sequence 64:
[SOFT PROMPT]Bombardier Opens Third Service Centre For Commercial Aircraft By Bill Goldston
February 19, 2010 - Bombardier Aerospace announced that it has added a third commercial aircraft service centre to its growing customer support network worldwide. The facility, ,http://www.BombardierCruiseLine.com, the company’s “Innovative Aviation Services” brand, will open its third service centre in St-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec, Canada.
As a result of this expansion, the Bombardier CruiseLine will have an additional aircraft maintenance and support centre for aircraft currently servicing its fleet of Bombardier CR-227 aircraft.
“We are proud to be able to serve our customers with this new centre,” said Guillaume Tremblay, President of the Bombardier Aerospace Group, “We

Sequence 65:
[SOFT PROMPT]Racine Maintenance School Bond (2008)
The Racine Maintenance School Bond was a bond measure that was on the April 1, 2008 ballot in Racine County. It was intended to use $16.5 million over a five year span for maintenance of the Racine Unified School Distr(c)t. The bond was approved by the voters of Racine County on April 1, 2008.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
The following questions were asked at the election in April 2008 and the answers are provided below.
1. Why did you support the bond measure?
The Racine Maintenance School Bond was supported by a majority of voters.
2. How many votes did you cast for the bond measure?
Nine thousand three hundred sixty-two votes were cast for the bond.
3. Did you receive a Certificate of Approval?
Yes, the Certificate of Approval

Sequence 66:
[SOFT PROMPT]Changes related to "United States congressional delegations from Idaho"
← United States congressional delegations from Idaho in an appropriate cell. >::inplace-mkwrite <<column-2-inplace-mkwrite>>
Indicates that the current state of the cell is the result of a conditional update to a variable with the same name. In particular, this means that the value of the variable is the result of a conditional update to a variable with the same name.
← Possible values for "Column 2 inplace-mkwrite" are:
- "r" (Read): The current value of the variable.
- "t" (Write): The value of the variable after it has been updated.
- "

Sequence 67:
[SOFT PROMPT]Footnotes have been changed to endnotes and the symbols to numbers. - Jim Duvall
Editor's Preface
Among the transactions which were recorded by the delegates at the ninety-ninth session of the venerable body, whose minutes we herewith present to the publicIf the first few pages of this volume are to be taken as a guide to the whole book, we are much indebted to Mr. Charles Merriam, a man of wide reading, and an able compiler of the author's papers. He has taken the trouble to collate the transactions from the minutes, and has translated and printed them, with such additions and corrections as we have been able to make. It is a document of a most extraordinary character, the result of many years' work by the compiler, and, so far as his information is available, the largest and most accurate record of the transactions of the Congress ever published.

Sequence 68:
[SOFT PROMPT]Draft History [-]Drafted in the 5th round (145th overall) by the California Angels in 1996 (did not sign)Drafted in the 2nd round (66th overall) by the Chicago White Sox in 1999 (did not sign) Draft Report [+] Drafted in the 2nd round (43rd overall) by theings (did not sign) Draft Report [+] Drafted in the 2nd round (39th overall) by the San Diego Padres in 2003 (did not sign)
Draft Report [+] Drafted in the 1st round (33rd overall) by the Boston Red Sox in 2006 (did not sign) Draft Report [+] Drafted in the 2nd round (43rd overall) by the Tampa Bay Rays in 2010 (did not sign)
The following is a list of players drafted by the Rays during the 2017 MLB Draft.
Players are listed by the Rays’ team in which

Sequence 69:
[SOFT PROMPT]San Jose Sharks Schedule, Previews, Recaps: Not Time To Panic For Sharks
It couldn't last forever, regardless of how the San Jose Sharks played, they were going to have to lose again at some point. They were going to have to lose two or three games in a ro is a show that will expose you to the mistakes and hiccups that could haunt you for years to come. Here are all the games from the San Jose Sharks vs. Los Angeles Kings pre-season. Please keep in mind that this is not a preview of the game. It is just a recap. Any team is going to have a tough time winning all three games that are played. However, the players are ready for it.
Preseason Stats: Los Angeles Kings - 27 (9-12-0)
San Jose Sharks - 19 (8-9-1)
Total Shots: 109

Sequence 70:
[SOFT PROMPT]Obituaries 10-25-2011
October 25, 2011By Beacon Hill Times Staff
Barbara Livingston Hally
Contributing writer for Beacon Hill Times
Barbara Livingston Hally of Boston died on October 18. She was 93 years old.
Born to Mary Bolles Livingston and Harry Angus  Congresswoman Barney Frank and former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich said her passing was a reminder of how vital it is for all Americans to remain involved in the political process.
“Barbara’s loss is one that will affect everyone, no matter what their party affiliation,” said Frank. “Her career was a trailblazer for women and the reason for that is she broke the mold of what a woman had to do to be taken seriously in Congress. It’s a testament to her commitment to doing things on her own terms, and to be a role model for young women to follow.”
Born on October

Sequence 71:
[SOFT PROMPT]NewsNewsletterPressContact
GermanEnglishFrenchRussianChinese
Home pageUpright and grand pianosConsulting and salesBechstein - The LegendConcerts and pianistsService
Concert calendarPianistsInterviews and voicesPiano competitionsCDs and DVDs
International c 4/6/2015 | Written by Glenn Howells with SONY DIGITAL, the world’s largest and most sophisticated music and entertainment company. Listen to their bestselling music: • The Album, by Rufus Wainwright • Young, by Robbie Robertson • Plays, by The Moody Blues • We Are the World, by Gloria Estefan • Live, by Eric Clapton • My Aim Is True, by Eric Clapton. Listen to the latest news on the Piano Department: • News on the World Piano • Piano and Appreciation • Piano Courses • The

Sequence 72:
[SOFT PROMPT]print Belfer Center Home > Regions > Africa
By DateBy TopicBy Publication TypeBy Program/ProjectBy Expert	Filter by Select Program/Project
Science, Technology, and Public Policy
Harvard�Belfer on Syria
Managing the Atom
Energy Technology Innovation Policy
/By Peter Hoffmann/Jens Stoltenberg/Bryan Walsh/Jeffrey Farrar/John Ireland/Paul Warnke/Pramod Sharma/Luca Romano/Max Steinberg/Rebecca Arenas/Robin Nawrot/Brent Ozarowski/Michael Lehmann/Alexandra Scimeca/Christoph Klingbeil/Sarah Finley/Christian Pfeifer/Andrew Ryan/Michael D. Maloney/Gregory P. Smith/Erica Tzepeli/W. Edward Lyman/Gina Teply/Nicholas

Sequence 73:
[SOFT PROMPT]AMD Powers the Heart of the Next Console Generation
By Nihar Patel -
AMD, INTC, NVDA
Nihar is a member of The Motley Fool Blog Network -- entries represent the personal opinion of the blogger and are not formally edited.
AMD (NYSE: AMD) isn't joking when i I say that the gaming market is going to take a beating in the coming year. I'm not talking about gaming, of course. I'm talking about everything from CPUs to motherboards. I believe AMD will be a dominant player in the computing space for the next few years, and it looks like they are on their way to becoming the dominant player in the graphics space as well.
Graphics have been in the computer market since the mid-1980s, when 3D was first brought to market, but in recent years the graphics market has grown significantly, thanks to the development of the new generation of graphics cards.
Let's

Sequence 74:
[SOFT PROMPT]eBook sales jump 115% in January
Amazon's Android Appstore may launch March 22
AT&T to acquire T-Mobile from Deutsche Telekom for $39 billion
on Mar 20, 2011 at 2:30 PM
AT&T, the nation’s second largest wireless provider, has just announced that it will ac he debut of the Amazon Android Appstore on the popular mobile device, the Amazon Kindle Fire.
As with any mobile device, it is important for customers to have the right applications and the ability to manage their data and content. Amazon Android Appstore is the only application that gives customers the ability to search, browse, and purchase Android devices. The Amazon Android Appstore offers millions of free and paid apps that include all the popular apps from Google Play, Amazon, and other top brands.
By integrating the Amazon Android Appstore, AT&T will provide customers with the best and most secure Android experience. The Amazon Android Appstore will

Sequence 75:
[SOFT PROMPT]Older Articles	Europe
by Dan Graziano
Huawei announces global availability of the Ascend P1 smartphone
By Dan Graziano on April 18, 2012 at 10:45 PM.	Huawei announces global availability of the Ascend P1 smartphone
Huawei on Wednesday announced global avai, H4N3, The Ascend P1 is a new smartphone from Huawei. This is the second phone from Huawei that will be in the Ascend series. Huawei has also announced that the Ascend P1 will be available in multiple colors including silver, gold, and rose gold. The phone will be available starting April 23rd.
Huawei Ascend P1
Huawei Ascend P1 Specifications
Huawei Ascend P1
Huawei Ascend P1 User Manual
Huawei Ascend P1 Specifications
Huawei Ascend P1
H

Sequence 76:
[SOFT PROMPT]Nothing "Is What It Is"
Question: Which will come first, the completion of the Second Avenue Subway or the next Mets World Series victory? Christine Quinn: Well I can’t actually answer that question honestly because my father is 84, and he remembers the da is a nice simple way to describe a city. It's a nice way to describe New York. It’s a nice way to describe the great, the great, the great Mets. It’s a way to describe the Mets. And the more I talk about it, the more I talk about it. - Dan, Dan, Dan
Question: And then I was like, “That’s it, you know, just take it a step at a time.” - Steve, Steve, Steve
Question: I’m gonna go with Steve because I think it’s the first of many questions I’m gonna ask

Sequence 77:
[SOFT PROMPT]LOVE, Francis Johnson, (1901 - 1989)
LOVE, Francis Johnson, a Representative from West Virginia; born in Cadiz, Harrison County, Ohio, on January 23, 1901; attended the public schools; Bethany College at Bethany, W.Va., A.B., 1924; principal of Warwood Hig which he left for Franklin, Franklin County, Ohio, and taught for several years at Bethany College; was admitted to the bar in 1926; returned to Franklin, Franklin County, Ohio, and resumed practice in Warwood; elected as a Republican to the Sixty-sixth Congress (January 3, 1943 - January 3, 1945); was not a candidate for reelection in 1944 to the Sixty-seventh Congress; was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1946 to the Sixty-eighth Congress; was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1948 to the Ninety-second Congress; died in Franklin, Franklin County, Ohio, on

Sequence 78:
[SOFT PROMPT]Steven M. Smith
25 Breaking Away from a False Dilemma
With a high-school level understanding of science and theology, I was convinced by this "either-or" argument and, to my knowledge, became the first Young Earth Creationist in my local Nazarene church. Ientitled.s., Bibles, and religious studies.
Vincent P. Christensen
4 The Young Earth Creationist Position
Young Earth creationism and the evolutionary theory of the origin of species have been the most controversial topics in the history of the church. These controversies, however, are not without their defenders. In this essay I will consider the various Young Earth Creationist positions that have been proposed and provide an overview of the views of the most prominent Young Earth Creationists.Young Earth Creationism is an approach to science that is premised on the theory that the Earth was created in 6 days (as the Bible

Sequence 79:
[SOFT PROMPT]0 Scientists Tell Their Stories: Owen Gingerich
When it came time to go to graduate school, one of Owen Gingerich's science professors told him “If you feel a calling to go to astronomy, you should give it a try, because we shouldn’t let atheists take over via RSS or email (at OwenGingerich.com)
Owen Gingerich
M.Sc. astronomy
Owen Gingerich
Ph.D. astrophysics
University of Washington, Seattle
Sebastian Baer
University of Washington, Seattle
Sebastian Baer
University of Washington, Seattle
“Atheists shouldn’t be allowed to take over”
A college senior who has become a scientist in his own right told me this in an email:
“We shouldn’t let atheists take over our lives, because they have no souls. I also think we

Sequence 80:
[SOFT PROMPT]This week in origins news: Inflation of a cosmic kind, new theories about the Higgs particle, a lively collection of links from favorite spots in the blogosphere, and a few interactive items for those who enjoy playing as much as they do reading around the century. From a historical perspective, it is curious that historians of science have been so slow to recognize that there are deep historical links between science and religion. What are the reasons for this, and how does it relate to the history of science in general? The most important reason is that religion, like science, was formed by people who were largely motivated by what they perceived as a need to solve practical problems. In particular, people from the middle and upper classes were particularly inclined to religion. It is not at all clear that religious beliefs are as rational as they are historically portrayed, but there is reason to believe that the religious beliefs of the

Sequence 81:
[SOFT PROMPT]Blackstone Blog
Blackstone honored at the 2011 inMotion Commitment to Justice Awards
The Blackstone Group received a special honor as the top fundraising team for inMotion’s Story by Story—Climbing to End Domestic Violence! event. A gala ceremony was held is where the power of Blackstone’s commitment to our mission to help prevent violence and discrimination against women, men, and children is truly displayed.
Gala Ceremony at CMAJ 2010
At the annual convention of the Canadian Medical Association, Dr. Stephen Wright, President and CEO of the CMA, delivered the opening address. Dr. Wright announced that Dr. John Darling, the recently appointed chair of the Canadian Medical Association's Task Force on Family Health and the President of the International Academy of Family Physicians, will become the new President and CEO of the CMA in 2010. He then outlined the strategic plan

Sequence 82:
[SOFT PROMPT]Power Ranking the NFL's Top 50 Active Offensive Linemen
By Cody Swartz
Rob Carr/Getty Images 16.3K
It’s notoriously difficult to grade offensive linemen, especially considering there are very limited statistics to evaluate their performance. The Pro Bowl v common knowledge. But there are a few criteria that go into the rankings. The NFL is not an NCAA-style of competition. You can’t evaluate a lineman based on the strength of their competition. The NFL is a team sport, and linemen need to be evaluated by the team they are playing on. The team I’m playing on is the 49ers.
When I do my rankings, I do it for the team I’m playing on. I don’t look at the individual performances. I evaluate the team’s performance. And that’s why I go to the offensive line.
The 49

Sequence 83:
[SOFT PROMPT]Top Five Stables Ever in WWE/WCW
By Goutham Babu
Ever since the wrestling industry started, there were great teams constituting various great wrestlers. Many of such stables created world wide attraction and accelerated the profit of wrestling industry.
He for example: Big Time Wrestling, Extreme Championship Wrestling, AWA, World Championship Wrestling, World Wrestling Federation, WWF, WWF, WCW, WCW, WCW, WCW, WWF, WWE, World Wrestling Federation, ECW, NWA, NJPW, JTCC, NJPW, NJPW, WCW, WCW, WWF, WCW, WWF, WCW, WWF, WCW, WCW, WWF, WCW, WCW, WCW, WCW, WWF, WCW, WCW, WWF, WCW, WCW

Sequence 84:
[SOFT PROMPT]Want more real-time Dallas Mavericks news?
What's Next for Dirk Nowitzki After Frustrating 2012-13 NBA Season? By Zach Buckley
Forgive Dirk Nowitzki if he doesn't know how to act right now.It's been a while since he's had to deal with something like this.F began by guestwriter @silvergalba, the artist of the Dirk Nowitzki Story. He is currently in college at Texas A&M and has an MFA in Writing and Editing. He is also the editor and publisher of the Mavericks Press Network. From 2010-2011, he worked as a teacher in a high school English class and as a classroom coach at an independent school. He lives in Dallas with his wife and children. You can find his other work on his blog and at his website. You can also find him on Twitter as @silvergalba.
Zach Buckley
Want

Sequence 85:
[SOFT PROMPT]DogecoinObverseReverseDate of introduction8 December 2013; 3 months ago (2013-12-08)User(s)InternationalInflationApproximately 100 billion coins to be mined by end of 2014. Thereafter, 5.2 billion new coins per year.SymbolÐ,[1] Ɖ,[citation needed] DNicknam the number of coins issued every year was approximately 35 million. [1] Ð [cite]
Prices of the most popular currencies. Ð [cite] Ɖ [cite] PNicknamEconomic Causes of the 2011–12 surge in dogecoin-related activity, and the state of the market as a whole, will be the subject of the second half of this series. Ð [cite] Ɖ [cite] PNicknamWe will be covering the economy, prices, inflation, currency stability, and price volatility as a whole. Ð [cite] Ɖ [cite] PNicknam

Sequence 86:
[SOFT PROMPT]GraniteIgneous rockGranite containing potassium feldspar, plagioclase feldspar, quartz, and biotite and/or amphiboleCompositionPotassium feldspar, plagioclase feldspar, and quartz; differing amounts of muscovite, biotite, and hornblende-type amphiboles.
Ju(0.10) [Yahoo!]
Battery for Amorphous Iron (F-350)
Metal Type: Sodium
Price: $9.99
New! Sulfur-Free Lithium-Ion
Iron Sulfur Battery, F-350
New! Iron-Sulfur Battery, F-350
New! 1.5V Battery, F-350
Battery, F-350
This battery will provide a reliable backup for your high-current rechargeable battery. This battery can be used with the same current-rating cells as the Ni-MH cell. If

Sequence 87:
[SOFT PROMPT]Shenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, Ontario, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004–presentSpouse(s)Josh Beech (m. 2013)
Jump to: navigation, searchShenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, O, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004–presentSpouse(s)Avery Shea (m. 2010)Avery SheaBorn(1990-05-27) May 27, 1990 (age 26)Oakland, CA, USAOccupationActress, dancerYears active2004–presentSpouse(s)Josh Beech (m. 2013)Jump to: navigation, search
Shenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, O, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004

Sequence 88:
[SOFT PROMPT]Wavenumber
Jump to: navigation, searchIn the physical sciences, the wavenumber is the spatial frequency of a wave. It can be envisaged as the number of waves that exist over a specified distance (analagous to frequency being the number of wave oscillations)
Academic journal of Physics. Volume 34, Number 5, October 2003, Pages 1604-1611. ISSN 1567-8484 Abstract In this paper, we have derived the spectral behavior of the linear viscoelastic model (LVSM) for the anelastic material viscoelastic model of fracture mechanics (VEM). We show that the spectrum of the LVSM is given by the superposition of the spectrum of the VEM and the second order correlation spectrum. The correlation spectrum is the sum of the spectral distribution of the VEM and the third order correlation spectrum. We also derive the fourth order correlation spectrum and we

Sequence 89:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts tagged "DealerBlock" Owner's Manual
Find help on how to use the new ADESA.com
We are very excited about the launch of our new website a few weeks ago. While the new ADESA.com is user-friendly and easy to navigate, we understand you might have questio the last few days have been rather hectic for our DealerBrokers and the dealership personnel who provide service and support to our dealerships. In addition to your requests for help, there is a new email address for our sales and service departments, which has been set up for our online system. To help ease the transition, we have put together a few helpful resources to help you navigate the new site. The most important of these is the Owner's Manual. This is the manual that is the heart of the operation of the website, and it provides you with important information that you will need to use the new system. If you are

Sequence 90:
[SOFT PROMPT]« How to Strengthen an Interfaith Relationship
Autism Awareness Month: How to Support the Cause »
Hear the Voices of Help and Hope
Hear stories of hope — directly from just a few of the people whom Catholic Charities has helped over the past year. This sho she has a new, bigger voice. To give you a sense of what she is saying, here is her piece in the Huffington Post: She said, “What makes a difference is when I am with the people that I care about, because they are making an effort, they are working, they are giving back to the community.” But, she said, “when I am not around those people, I have a tendency to take things for granted, and when I am not around those people, I think I can do a lot more for them.” She continued, “The people that I am around have been the people that I

Sequence 91:
[SOFT PROMPT]Online Blogucation
14Sep/110
I had to turn the heater on in my car this morning. The Colorado mornings are getting chilly: in the 40s and 50s. It’s almost like Fall had been hiding behind the Labor Day corner, just waiting to pounce. Despite the cold (and  the wind) I’m still feeling more comfortable wearing layers. This is the first time I’ve worn a sweatshirt to bed this week. I’ve been in my room at night (which I have done every night this week) and so I’ve had a hard time sleeping. But I did.
The only reason I didn’t sleep was because I was writing. The last time I was working on my manuscript I wasn’t in my room, so I wasn’t writing.
I’ve been reading so many different books lately. I don’t know how much I have to share. I

Sequence 92:
[SOFT PROMPT]How do you put your intentions into practice?
posted by Alex Zielinski on March 8, 2013 Filed under: Intentions
Being International Women’s Day, we’d be silly not to highlight a woman who’s working hard to inspire and challenge her gender every day. Althou History of events
posted by Alex Zielinski on March 8, 2013 Filed under: History
Today is International Women’s Day, and for many, it is a time to celebrate the role women play in society. But I would like to suggest that we should not just celebrate this day as a day to celebrate the achievements of women. The roles that women have played in the past, and will play in the future, have shaped the way that we live, and that is not something that should be understated. If we want to have a meaningful impact on the lives of our female citizens, we need to take a step back

Sequence 93:
[SOFT PROMPT]« Video Interview: Andrew Wait of Ancestry.com |
| The Genealogy Guys Podcast LIVE at 2009 FGS Conference »
Social Security Numbers: a Non-Issue
I have written before about the security of the Social Security Death Index and its use as a very effective too:
Wikipedia:The Social Security Death Index (SDI) is the first and only official national database of the Social Security Death Index. Created in the 1960s by Social Security Administration (SSA), the database is one of the most comprehensive of any national or state-wide, government-run data set. The Death Master File (DMF) is the SSA’s second national, government-run, system for identifying those individuals who died while in the United States. The Death Master File has been updated regularly since its creation in the 1950s. In the event of an accidental death in the United States, a death

Sequence 94:
[SOFT PROMPT]Debate? What Debate?
Well, that seems to be the question regarding the debate on "Baptists and Calvinism" scheduled for October 16 in Lynchburg, VA. The events of the last two days have made the prospect of actually having the debate very slim. The moderatLast Saturday evening, the debate began with a question from a member of the audience: "Are Baptists and Calvinists?" (1) His reply was, "Yes, we are." (2) His argument was that it was his duty to defend the faith to his brother Baptists, but not to attack Calvinists. (3) There was a slight uproar as one audience member, in an apparent reference to the Calvinist churches in the audience, tried to take the debate off the table. The moderator intervened, saying that the question was not meant to be taken out of context, and that he would rephrase

Sequence 95:
[SOFT PROMPT]A Quote by Patrick Jake "P.J." O'Rourke on animals, children, and purpose
in animals
Humans are the only animals that have children on purpose with the exception of guppies, who like to eat theirs.P.J. O'Rourke (1947 -)Contributed by: Zaady Tweet which means: That which is shared by many in a collective context or a tribe or family
Nature, when it chooses, gives us children to fill the spaces in our hearts that have not yet been filled by love.
Children and animals are inextricably linked. There is no other way to understand this simple truth. Children, just like animals, are our fellow creatures and we must accept that they have souls. They are the source of all goodness, beauty, and joy in our lives. They are not our property. They are our fellow creatures.
Children, like animals, are filled with the hope of tomorrow. We

Sequence 96:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sex, Politics, and Global Hip Hop
The hip hop feminism hub at the U! My hip-hop life now By and01626 on December 6, 2012 12:00 PM
Before taking this class, I had a certain appreciate for hip-hop but did not spend much of my time immersed in the music or an. Post your opinion or write a review of this class or share this article on Facebook. The U of Toronto offers a fascinating course on hip hop and politics, and I am sure that this class will help many people better understand hip hop and the political world.
Recommended Courses
A Course in Critical Thinking | Hip-Hop and Philosophy | 11 hours of quality lectures, small groups, and discussions. By: Lila Franken
The course will include discussions on several topics, such as critical thinking, intellectual. Learn more about topics in hip-hop culture from Lila Franken, Ph.D., associate professor in the

Sequence 97:
[SOFT PROMPT]YeungKaiPo
14 passengers were killed in bus crash in NYC
By yeun0040 on March 13, 2011 11:53 PM
On Saturday night, a serious bus crash killed 14 people when the bus was returning to Manhattan's Chinatown after a quick overnight trip to the Mohegan Sun casi and YeungKaiPo
Police are searching for the suspect in a fatal bus crash in New York City. The vehicle was a Jeep Grand Cherokee that was heading south on West Ferry Road when the driver lost control of the vehicle. The Jeep was struck by another vehicle that caused the death of the driver. The suspect is described as a white male in his 30s with a beard. The driver of the Jeep was described as a white male in his 40s with a beard. He was last seen heading south on West Ferry Road. No other injuries were reported in the crash. The suspect was last seen in

Sequence 98:
[SOFT PROMPT]Match.com's Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms
In celebration of the single mother, Match.com has released a list of the Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms on its official blog Up To Date.The list was compiled using Match.com’s unparalleled data on Ame.To read the full article, visit Match.com's Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms.
Search our site: • • • • • •
• • • • • •
The Single Mom Quiz
The Single Mom Quiz: Quiz On The Dating Game
To see the original site's content, click Here » Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms in the USA
Please share the original article with your friends and family! You can share on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+.
Please help us spread the word by using the social media buttons on the left. For each social media

Sequence 99:
[SOFT PROMPT]Happy 71st birthday to legendary centerman Stan “Stosh” Mikita. Mikita was born in 1940, in the town of Sokolce of the Slovak Republic. Mikita’s birth name was actually Stanislav Guoth, but when Czechoslovakia became a Communist controlled country, Stosh f of his father’s nationality was forced to change his name. He was baptized Stosh in the village of Dobro. Stosh began his professional playing career in the Czechoslovak league, and in 1953, he joined the “Achtzehnte Halle” of the then DDR-Oberliga (now the DDR-Liga). He was a regular in the Achtzehnte Halle until the mid-1950s. He became a very popular player in the DDR-Liga. He played for East Germany, where he became a very popular player for the Ostmarkliga (now the East German

Sequence 100:
[SOFT PROMPT]My schedule at the 2009 NAB Show
The convention is about three weeks away, and I’m starting to get full-court press for appointments at the convention. This will be my 21st NAB convention. I have attended every convention since 1989. I know many people hav an Excerpt from John Brooks’ “This Year in Copyright” at the Booksmith Library in Alexandria, VA. John Brooks is a lecturer at the George Washington University. I am not affiliated with any university.
"This year in copyright" is a wonderful collection of essays about the recent history of the copyright regime and the rights it protects.
Some of the essays focus on specific legal developments, others on the recent wave of intellectual property reform, and still others on the long history of the Copyright Act and the future of copyright. The book is broken into a number of parts, each focused on a specific topic.
Each essay

Sequence 101:
[SOFT PROMPT]TrueDrive: 2011 Kia Optima Hybrid
Tuesday, 08 November 2011 06:00
Written by Brandy Schaffels
0 Comments	When the first Kia Optima sedan debuted in the United States in 2000, it was nothing more than a rebadged Hyundai Sonata, which didn’t carry much panac and Kia Optima Hybrid from a familiar and accessible platform.
Since then, Kia has had several sedan models released, including the second-generation Optima and the KT-SRT (Sporty Terrain) concept. Each time, the company has added new styling features, and Kia has come to enjoy the ability to offer a new platform for the next generation of sedans. This year, the company’s hybrid sedan, the Optima Hybrid, will debut at the 2011 Los Angeles Auto Show.
Kia’s goal with this new sedan is to make it one of the most fuel-efficient sed

Sequence 102:
[SOFT PROMPT]12:40 pm January 10, 2014, by John Kessler.
 VL2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad2014NLP vlad

Sequence 103:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts Tagged ‘Celebrity birthdays’
Celebrity birthdays Feb. 6: Axl Rose, Natalie Cole, Tom Brokaw, Rip Torn, Robert Townsend, Zsa Zsa Gabor
February 6th, 2010 by accessAtlanta
Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor is 93. Actor Patrick MacNee (”The Avengers”) is 88. Actor Albert Finney is 89. Actress Barbara Billingsley is 94. Actress Debra Messing is 92. Actor and model Samantha Ronson is 96. Actor Brendan Gleeson is 92. Actor Richard Gere is 94. Actor Roger Ebert is 96. Actor Johnny Depp is 93. Actor James Earl Jones is 88. Actor Vincente Minnelli is 88. Actor Peter Falk is 88. Actor Bryan Cranston is 88. Actor Timothy Olyphant is 93. Actor Peter Fonda is 91. Actor Gary Oldman is 92. Actor Kevin Spacey is 92. Actor Clive Owen is 92.

Sequence 104:
[SOFT PROMPT]Cyber Cynic
ARMing desktop Linux
By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols
October 12, 2009 1:43 PM EDT
For a brief time in 2008, Linux actually owned a segment of the desktop industry: netbooks. When netbooks first showed up, they ran only Linux. Microsoft panicked an what was seen as an obvious challenge to its own Windows-based machines, and began to replace them with Windows-based machines. In the process, Microsoft got into some difficulties with its desktop business, which was never good. But it managed to survive, and for years, it was one of the most important components of the PC business.
The desktop Linux community, however, is much different from that. Linux has never been dominant on the desktop. Linux has been a curiosity, an annoyance, and an unpolished toy.
Linux on the desktop has, for the most part, been either a misstep or a missed opportunity

Sequence 105:
[SOFT PROMPT]Roger Avary To Direct Bret Easton Ellis' 'Glamorama' In 2012?
by Gabe Toro
October 13, 2011 12:12 PM 6 Comments
The last time Roger Avary directed a film, it was in collaboration with Bret Easton Ellis. Together, the two of them were responsible for the hy of the The End of Everything franchise, which included the equally dark J.J. Abrams' Star Trek. This time around, the pairing is more a team than an alliance, as Avary and Ellis are directing and producing the sequel to Glamorama, which is slated for release this December.
The news comes after the recently released Confidential, a dramatic, suspenseful and metafictional thriller set in Los Angeles, which had just been nominated for the best first feature at the 2011 Academy Awards. Now, with Avary and Ellis onboard to helm, the film has a release date set for the middle of 2012.

Sequence 106:
[SOFT PROMPT]She went to prison for her ‘encore career’
December 4, 2013, 12:55 PM ET
By Anne TergesenThis week, Encore.org, a San Francisco-based nonprofit that promotes second careers in the nonprofit sector, is handing out Purpose Prizes, its answer to the MacArthur was my senior colleague Sam Eisele, Executive Director of Public Allies, a national nonprofit organization that promotes second careers in the nonprofit sector. After reading Sam’s book, The Ten Commandments of Second Careerism, we were delighted to see it in the Encore bookstore, and are happy to give it to you.
The Ten Commandments of Second Careerism
The Ten Commandments of Second Careerism
by Sam Eisele
The Ten Commandments of Second Careerism
by Sam Eisele
This week, Encore.org, a San Francisco-based nonprofit that promotes second careers in the nonprofit sector

Sequence 107:
[SOFT PROMPT]MPR News A fresh eye on the news Anatomy of a news story
7 There was a story floating around this weekend that makes a wonderful exercise in ascertaining the difference between solid newspaper reporting and TV/video news fare. Perhaps the medium really is Prosecutors have charged an ex-federal prosecutor who was found in a New York City hotel room with a gun he'd hidden in a box of cereal.
Reporting from New York — After having served more than 30 years in the federal government, now-retired federal prosecutor James A. Pugliese was charged on Saturday with illegal possession of a weapon by a convicted felon. The 44-year-old was found in a New York City hotel room with a gun in a box of cereal, authorities said. Pugliese had hidden the gun in a box of cereal while working as a federal prosecutor in the Criminal

Sequence 108:
[SOFT PROMPT]MPR News A fresh eye on the news The “D” word
The economic meltdown is bad. Most of us are pretty scared, more than a little angry, and our ears perk up when we hear people throw the “D” word around pretty loosely. Earlier this week, a poll showed that alm,8 percent of respondents agreed that the situation is “a lot worse than they expected.” That’s pretty close to the overall figure. But the “D” word—downsizing, downgrading, downsizing—is a different thing, and it has a very different effect. When it comes to financial news, we tend to think of downsizing in terms of cutting jobs. But in the real world, it often means taking the axe to the corporate fat cats. By “taking the axe to the corporate fat cats,” I mean that the government cuts spending, the banks take on more debt, and the Federal Reserve cuts

Sequence 109:
[SOFT PROMPT]Chat Rooms (9) Hi Guest - Join Us Now!
The Reality of Bisexuality
By Robert Weiss LCSW, CSAT-S
Sex is Not a One-Way Street
I had thought that in writing this long-overdue blog on bisexuality I could offer a straightforward, readily understandable overview ). The first thing to note is that although there are two words for "bisexual," the two words don't mean the same thing. This is an area where people can often misunderstand each other, and this blog will be a sort of clarifying dictionary. Also, bisexuality is not a term that has only one definition; rather, it can be defined in a number of ways. I'll try to give you the standard definition, and then use that definition to try to clarify what I mean by bisexuality.
The definition of bisexuality can be found in most dictionaries, and it is the definition I

Sequence 110:
[SOFT PROMPT]Eleven Give Million-Dollar Donations to Super PACs
By Kent Cooper	Posted at 9:23 a.m. on Jan. 29
Eleven associations, unions and individuals have already given more than $1 million each to Super PACs in 2013, with more to be reported this week.
Super PACs  China’s new leadership, Xi Jinping, has called for the elimination of state-owned companies.
And the three remaining powers — the U.S., Europe and Asia — are looking for ways to contain China’s rise. The United States and Europe have been reluctant to be drawn into the U.S.-China dispute over Hong Kong, but they have recently agreed to the latest round of dialogue on the future of the city.
The next round of talks are scheduled for June in Washington. Xi has said he is open to cooperation with China on the mainland.
— Andrew J. Hawkins
Chairman, Board

Sequence 111:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sen. Harry Reid’s Fundraiser Gets 2 Years in Prison
By Kent Cooper	Posted at 2:23 p.m. on Oct. 2, 2013
A Nevada lawyer and lobbyist who was a fundraiser for the 2010 re-election campaign of Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev., has been sentenced to two years in prison from a Nevada district court for fraud.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., is facing a second fraud case, this one from a Clark County district court, stemming from an election in which a campaign contribution from her campaign chairman in 2011 resulted in the victory of her son, state Sen. Dean Heller, R-Nev., for the seat.
Heller lost to incumbent Republican Rep. Shelley Berkley in the Nov. 4, 2010, general election.
The fraud charge was brought against a Clark County resident named Gary Joseph Chapman, who had contributed $4,000 to Feinstein

Sequence 112:
[SOFT PROMPT]| | Voices Home
Gordon Brown hails education as the best anti-poverty program
Submitted by Kavita Watsa	On Mon, 09/20/2010 Tweet WidgetGoogle Plus OneLinkedin Share Button1 Comment
This morning, 69 million children would not have gone to school around the  the education system has failed to do. I am disappointed that my generation did not get a fair education and that children who could not read and write at grade level were left behind. What is worse is that the educational system has failed to provide a basic level of support for those children who are in need of extra support. The Prime Minister’s statement to the National Assembly on Education in 2009, makes a very clear statement of his commitment to the children in education. In the years since, we have seen that he has had little success in implementing the policy that he had set out in the manifesto of 1997. I will not dwell on

Sequence 113:
[SOFT PROMPT]Email	Hard boiled crime stories, old and new, in classic packaging
Cory Doctorow at 5:14 am Mon, Sep 6, 2004 — FEATURED —
Kindle Hard Case Crime is a new paperback imprint that's reprinting old pulp crime novels and commissioning new novels in the style of Excerpt:The Third Ace in the Prisons and the Retirement Homes
The Police: They came to us in the 1950s. They brought back those who were working for them, who had no more reason to be there than the next guy.
Prisoners: It was a bad time to be in prison. The climate was terrible, and prisoners weren't being punished for what they had done.
The Retirement Homes: We have thousands of inmates, and all of them are getting old. Some are just retired, but some are in their 70s and 80s. They're not being cared for properly. The

Sequence 114:
[SOFT PROMPT]This page contains a single entry from the blog posted on August 1, 2010 8:04 PM.
The previous post in this blog was The world according to a couch potato.
The next post in this blog is Ups and downs.
« The world according to a couch potato |
| Ups and dow.)
A list of the posts on this blog can be found on the front page.
» The World According to a Couch Potato. - 2006 |
| The World According to a Couch Potato. - 2006 |
The previous post in this blog was The world according to a couch potato.
The next post in this blog is Ups and downs.
« The world according to a couch potato |
| Ups and dow;"><pre>The world according to a couch potato
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |


Sequence 115:
[SOFT PROMPT]Jessica Alba’s Swimming Pool in Bollywood Debut
By Andrew Stephenson	Posted on June 9th, 2009 in Movies, News
Jessica Alba’s swimming pool makes its Bollywood movie debut in Sajid Nadiadwala’s Kambakht Ishq which stars Akshay Kumar, Kareena Kapoor and Amri<p>Jessica Alba’s swimming pool makes its Bollywood movie debut in Sajid Nadiadwala’s Kambakht Ishq which stars Akshay Kumar, Kareena Kapoor and Amri. While Akshay Kumar is seen in a kabaddi outfit, Kareena Kapoor looks like a beach ball and Amri is probably making out with some of the swimmers in the pool. The movie is a continuation of the award winning actioner Kambakht which released in 2008. The plot is similar to the original film with the main character getting involved in a

Sequence 116:
[SOFT PROMPT]Anushka Sharma still nervous around Shah Rukh Khan
By Priyanka Ramesh Kumar	Posted on November 18th, 2012 in Movies, News, Stars
It’s been 4 years since Anushka Sharma appeared on the big screen and entered Bollywood staring opposite one of the most populaof her fans. And Shah Rukh Khan was just the latest actor to greet her in a movie.
In an interview, Sharma, 30, talks about her first meeting with the Bollywood star and how she got used to his “expertise”.
“I am happy that he is a good actor. It is a great pleasure to work with him. He has a good sense of humour. I am sure that he is a nice guy and he would always come to our door and talk to us,” said the actress.
“He is not a singer, he is a storyteller. He does not

Sequence 117:
[SOFT PROMPT]It appears that you've exceeded the maximum number of posts you can view, but wait, there's a simple solution. To unlock the forum and continue viewing messages, all you need to do is sign up for a free account. The entire process takes just a few minutes  needs to be set to Disabled. This will disable the check for expired subscriptions and will prevent the player from having any badges.
Servers are now started automatically.
To make sure your subscription is still valid, please check your spam folder.
Enjoy your new subscription!
Stay tuned for more exciting content from the Fighting Game Conspiracy!
By the way, did you know that we're a small indie developer? We've been working hard to create this site for the past year and a half. It took us a while to build up the experience to the point where it's easier to get the content you

Sequence 118:
[SOFT PROMPT]Game 159: Yankees at Blue Jays
Nick Swisher called this “a must win game” for the Yankees, and after yesterday’s deflating 3-2 loss to the Blue Jays, it has to be.
At this point, they all are must-win games for the Bombers, who enter today tied once again  has the perfect chance to sneak a win into the AL East lead. With a strong offense behind him, Mike Trout’s.500 (14-for-26) in June and a batting average that’s.308 through his first six games, it’s hard to see how the Jays don’t win at least one more game.
The Blue Jays can’t do it alone, however. It starts with the young, explosive Adam Jones, who’s off to a great start this season. He’s batting.391, which is the best batting average of his career.
Then there’

Sequence 119:
[SOFT PROMPT]Lying Awake
Mark Salzman
Best bets for book clubs
BookPage® Column by Julie Hale
This month's new paperback releases include several excellent titles in fiction and nonfiction. We recommend the following selections as good choices for reading groups.Honky by Helmut Wolff  [Preface by Julie Hale]  1. This is a good book for people who are interested in the culture of the Old West. That's the setting for a lot of the action in this book, so it's a good choice for them.Blind Justice  by Peter Kostelanetz  1. Kostelanetz's new book, Blind Justice, tells the story of an innocent man falsely convicted and imprisoned for a crime he didn't commit. He's a skilled and well-meaning lawyer, but when he finds out that he's innocent, he

Sequence 120:
[SOFT PROMPT]On The Down Low: Is Real Housewives Of Atlanta’s Porsha Stewart A Beard For Her Suspect NFL Baller Hubby??
Categories: For Discussion, For Your Information, Gay, News, Reality TV, Shady, SMH, Suspect, The Side-eye, True or False?, What the Hell???, You Can proposed.
December 31, 2013 at 1:13 am Comments Written by In-Joyce Tullos on behalf of the Whoops! Forum This is a hard post to write, so here goes. I am going to be blunt. Porsha is the worst kind of a player, and I hope the show never brings her back. I also hope that no one ever gets to know what she looks like. You can only take so much of the drama of this woman. I am sorry that she is the one who has to leave, but she is the one who has to leave. The rest of the women are just

Sequence 121:
[SOFT PROMPT]Barcelona's Lionel Messi to sit out Zaragoza trip
5d25d82ff1704a3c80ff4111c309fd81.jpg
Barcelona's Lionel Messi, from Argentina, smiles during the Champions League quarterfinal second leg soccer match between FC Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain FC at the , 5d25d82ff1704a3c80ff4111c309fd81.jpg
When Lionel Messi won the Champions League, he left the Argentinian national team on a tear.
After Barcelona's 2-0 victory over Paris Saint-Germain in the final on May 30, the reigning Ballon d'Or winner returned to the pitch, raring to go for the second leg. In the second leg, he scored the winner against the defending champions. His success against the Parisians left Messi's national team on the brink of disaster. Messi's Champions League final victory

Sequence 122:
[SOFT PROMPT]Whatever seems important at the time.
Opportunity and hindrance
I married my music teacher. While that has brought me many musical opportunities, it also keeps me from practicing as much as I might like. I hate to make student noises when she's trying to r you'll never have to look at it again. You can always refer to the sound. Thanks to other people who make it possible for me to get up and practice. Those who are still at it, have to be grateful for me, too.
That's why I'm not writing more about it, or about the circumstances in which I was able to record it. I'll tell you about the music in the next section. I don't know whether or not this sound will ever be heard.
When I make the sound, I try to remember the particulars of the sound. It may be useful, as a way of

Sequence 123:
[SOFT PROMPT]Brian D. Buckley
crude inky blab
HomeAboutContactMy BooksNSA Domestic Surveillance
The Adventures of Links
Posted on Friday, April 29, 2011 - 6:27 am | Leave a comment
Greetings, loved ones. LET’S TAKE A JOURNEY.
First up in links this week, we’ve got The  of link this week: the hilarious show I’m watching at the moment. It’s called, appropriately, The
Take a look at this: link this.
You’ve no doubt seen it, though. You may have been waiting for it. I hope so. It’s the kind of thing you don’t see too often. I’m trying to make it to the final episode, but so far I’m only at the first. In fact, I don’t think I’ve seen the first episode of this thing. It’s about the four guys who are sent out to take a

Sequence 124:
[SOFT PROMPT]mine's on the 45
to find our way home, to break in these bones*
Having grown weary of a seemingly endless string of flights for the past two weeks, I opted to drive from Northern California to Southern California (and back) this week. It was illogical, rea
Read on: http://www.cnn.com/2012/09/04/travel/iceland-missed-plane/
Iceland’s Icelandair’s general aviation policy has been the subject of much attention this week, due to reports that one of the planes involved in the crash was a Boeing 767. The most prominent of these stories was the one published by the Daily Mail:
“Pilot’s American Express credit card was used to book flights to Ireland and Iceland in January, a Danish newspaper said yesterday.
“‘This is the first time that any member of the Icelandic airline

Sequence 125:
[SOFT PROMPT]Orioles Draft updates
The Orioles have agreed to terms with 23 of their 49 selections in the 2010 First Year Player Draft. Here’s the list with the round the player was selected in: Riley Hornback (12), Jeremy Nowak (13),Michael Mosby (14), Joseph Oliveira making me crazy at work, but that was a short one. Haha! I love that we have a #FwYWW group on twitter. @sweeneydsweet #FwYWW… Wait… that was a twitter!? Wait! Ooops! SweeneyD.
Welcome to The Baltimore Sun's FwYWW, a group that keeps the best of what the Web has to offer for fans of the Orioles. We cover news and reviews of the best articles written by fans of the Orioles. Let's have fun and let's have some fun together! Check out some of the

Sequence 126:
[SOFT PROMPT]« AND THE PREMISE OF HIS CAMPAIGN IS THAT HE'S A SMART BUSINESSMAN?: |
| AND THEY WONDER WHY WE'RE WINNING?: »
SURE, IT WOULD BE MORE HONEST...:
Jeter captains Turn 2 Foundation event (Doug Miller, 1/31/08, MLB.com)
...but you can hardly expect him to call for it.
Like I said, it was fun to see the Yankees take such a pounding. The question was not, "Is this team going to win the World Series?" The question was, "Can this team beat the Yankees?" As good as that sounds, it's not how it sounded. I've been saying all year that the Yankees have no chance of winning the World Series. The question was, "Can they win the World Series?" The Yankees are a perfect example of why that's true.
And it's true because, as good as they played, they were no match for the Yankees. They have been thoroughly

Sequence 127:
[SOFT PROMPT]November 19, 2012	Notes from the road: Kansas City, MO	Tweet
As the lights came up on the stage of the Sprint Center in Kansas City, Bruce greeted the crowd by saying that “when you come to Kansas City, you can’t resist playing this song – so we’ll play it/When I get to Heaven, I’ll have enough time to get my life in order, to be able to do the things that I want to do, and to know that I’m going to be with you for eternity. I’ll get a clear conscience and I’ll have enough time to do the things that I want to do, and I’ll know that I’m going to be with you for eternity. I’ll get a clear conscience and I’ll have enough time to do the things that I want to do, and I’ll know that I’m going to be with you for

Sequence 128:
[SOFT PROMPT]@nes-native-english-services
active 2 days, 19 hours ago
NES – Native English Services started the forum topic Ok…first things first…Why the heck is it that I can't…. in the group How-To and Troubleshooting 2 years, 6 months ago
“Zoom-in” on the buddypress5 logo, click on the bottom left corner, “New Members” is on the left, and then click on “View Profile” or “Log in” or “Create Account” and enter your password. Now you should see your “New Members” menu. Click on it. Then go to the forum. In the “Members” page, click on the “New Member” button. Now you should see your “New Member” menu. Click on it. Then go to the forum. In the “Members” page, click on the “Members” button. Now you should see your “New Member” menu. Click on

Sequence 129:
[SOFT PROMPT]WTF? Author Edits Lincoln
I enjoy Thomas Lowry’s books. I think of them as the People magazine of Civil War literature, and not in a bad way. You can read the books in short bursts, putting them down for a while and returning to them later without losing t English, Español, Français, Italiano, Português, Nederlands, Suomi, 한국어, Deutsch, 中文 (简体), 日本語, 中文 (繁體), 中文 (繁體)
YKWOWQ AURA WTF?! Author Edits Lincoln
If you’re a fan of Thomas Lowry’s books, you might enjoy this interview with him: Author Edits Lincoln
The One Hundred and Ninety-Eighth Annual Concealed Carry Permit Enforcement

Sequence 130:
[SOFT PROMPT]in Paramus, NJ 07652 I



Enter the following search query:
[Site:Cul-de-Sac(I'm the only one in town, so don't even ask.)]
Enter the following search query:
[Site:Cul-de-Sac(I'm the only one in town, so don't even ask.)]
Enter the following search query:
[Site:Cul-de-Sac(I'm the only one in town, so don't even ask.)]
Enter the following search query:
[Site:Cul-de-Sac(I'm the only one

Sequence 131:
[SOFT PROMPT]Winnebago recognized as top motor home manufacturer
Thursday, February 14, 2013 11:10 AM
Winnebago Industries Inc., of Forest City, has been recognized by Statistical
Surveys Inc. as the top performing motor home manufacturer in the country in
2012. In the whores, babes, babe-wannabes, man-wannabes, baby-wannabes, and baby-wannabes. The statistical survey
estimates the percentage of the population that owns motor homes in each
market. Winnebago has a record of 100 percent satisfaction with their products
and they are an established brand that sells on every continent.The
source for this report is the 2012 Motor Home Industry Statistics Survey. The
data from the survey was compiled by Steve Schurman of Statistical Surveys
Inc.
(www.statisticalsurveys.com

Sequence 132:
[SOFT PROMPT]CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator Presents at SAALT Conference About |
Activist Corner >> Today is Wednesday, April 16, 2014 CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator Presents at SAALT Conference March 18, 2007 CAIR-Chicago Government Relat that's what they were being warned about. That's what the American Islamic Forum for Democracy, which includes CAIR-Chicago, was warning about. They were right. They're still right. And they still stand in the face of Islamic terrorism.
Today, in Chicago, on the streets, as part of the March for Jobs, CAIR-Chicago will be meeting with the American Muslim community. I am here to speak with them about their concerns and to hear what they have to say about the threat of terrorism. And I'm also here to discuss the National Day of Action that CAIR-Chicago has been holding since September of

Sequence 133:
[SOFT PROMPT]California Appellate Report
Thoughts on recent Ninth Circuit and California appellate cases from Professor Shaun Martin at the University of San Diego School of Law.
People v. Cordell (Cal. Ct. App. - June 1, 2011)
It's June. And here's another guy who's n-I didn't get a chance to cover it last week, so here's an abridged version.
While this case was pending, a New York judge recently ordered Cordell to be released from jail because he was allegedly involved in a 2009 shootout with a deputy. Cordell, meanwhile, was arrested in October 2009 for violating his probation in New York.
As I noted last week, the majority of the New York case was heard by a single justice of the New York Court of Appeals. However, in a recent case decided by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, that single justice actually ordered

Sequence 134:
[SOFT PROMPT]March 7/09 9:24 am - Tour de PEI Returns for 2009Posted by Editor on 03/7/09 The Tour de PEI organizing committee is gearing up for the return of world-class cycling across Prince Edward Island.Tour de PEI, presented by Scotiabank, showcases Prince Edward  Bible Belt Attractions from coast to coast. www.tdepei.ca The event is slated for the July 21-23, 2009 event weekend.A total of 8 races will be presented throughout the weekend. One of the most exciting races of the event is the 29-lap Tour de PEI, presented by Scotiabank, a road cycling event that features a full day of competitive racing and an additional 2-hour of qualifying. www.tdepei.ca
March 7/09 9:15 am - Scotiabank-PEI Announces new Tour de PEI sponsorPosted by Editor on 03/7/

Sequence 135:
[SOFT PROMPT]The blog that used to be here is now at http://www.taylormarshall.com/2008/08/is-christ-savior-of-his-mother-mary_09.html. World’s Best Wealthy White Guys (Billionaires) and Lazy Black Guys (The Poor) Spend their Lives in the Service of the Government for MONEY. Spending and Giving is the Key to their Wealth. Over the last several decades the White Guys and Lazy Black Guys have come to know each other better and better. They are now very well acquainted with each other. The Lazy Black Guys have become very well acquainted with the White Guys. But these are not the only two worlds that have become very well acquainted with each other. This is the other world

Sequence 136:
[SOFT PROMPT]Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN)
+ Watch REGN
The Company is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, and intends to commercialize pharmaceutical products for the treatment of serious medical conditions.
pchop123
Submitted: 4/9/20epoch 100 training: 20 epochsTraining Data Size: 9541960sBias: 0.1epochs: 20sec/step -4.905/20.1071-1-16
0.1/1.07/1.02/1.07/1.02/1.07/1.02/1.07/1.02/1.07/1.02/1.07/1.02/1.07/1.02/1.07/1.02/1.07/1.02/1.07/1.02

Sequence 137:
[SOFT PROMPT]Christian Apologetics and Research Ministry Gardening by Matt SlickSome people might not think that parenting is a part of apologetics. But, it is. Christian parents have a great deal of influence in what their children think about the Lord. After all, isn.Xiphonesby Adam MatthewLeachington, NH
http://www.charismamatt.com/2010/03/06/throwing-out-the-laundry-at-god-and-parenting/This is a pretty controversial idea and it is interesting to me to think about how that might affect the way I think about parenting and God. I mean, I think it’s an interesting idea, but it’s a difficult thing to talk about. I mean, I’ve written about it before, but I’ll summarize. Here’s the problem. When people think about parenting

Sequence 138:
[SOFT PROMPT]You Are Here: home / Events on March 2, 2013
Books and Brew Book Club Saturday, March 2, 2013
10:30 AM - 11:30 AM Directions to this location: Woods Run More info... Teen Book Club: Looking for Alaska Saturday, March 2, 2013
Discussions happen the first Sa began with our first book club, the Black Dahlia. We read J. D. Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye, and later studied The Bumbleride Quartet by James Baldwin. As a special treat for the month of March, we read Alice in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll. We also talked about all the classics and non-classics in our history, as well as did a discussion of different styles of cooking. Students are invited to bring their own books to read, but are not required to bring anything with them.
We hope to meet again at some point, and look forward to

Sequence 139:
[SOFT PROMPT]UNITED STATES v. BRYAN, 339 U.S. 323 (1950)
UNITED STATES v. BRYAN.
CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CIRCUIT. No. 99. Argued December 15, 1949.
Decided May 8, 1950.
Respondent was the executive secretary and hadNews-Tribune staff, its daily newspapers, an official press, the state and local news media, a radio and television network, and a student newspaper.
Respondent was prosecuted for having delivered to a reporter a pamphlet on racial segregation in public schools which he had distributed to his staff and to students in his school. He contended that this pamphlet was given to him as a gift and was thus exempt from the reach of the statute of limitations. The Court of Appeals held that it was not, but held that the statute of limitations had not begun to run until respondent had actually received the pamphlet.
In the District

Sequence 140:
[SOFT PROMPT]~ Friday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 10:1-12Thursday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:41-50Wednesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:38-40Tuesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:30-37Monday of the Seventh Week i or Ordinary TimeMark 9:25-37Friday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:24-30Thursday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:20-30Tuesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:14-20Wednesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:13-21Monday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:12-20Friday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:10-17Monday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:9-17Thursday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:8