Sequence 0:
[SOFT PROMPT]The quick brown fox jumps (SPLIT: General Education, Home Economics, & Occupational Psychology) 2. 2. The Simple Patterns and Functions of Suggestions: What are the possible ways in which people can help us improve the world? 3. 3. 3. What is the Purpose of Education? 4. 4. 4. 4. Why do we believe in the public service? 5. 5. 5. 5. Why do we believe in the public service? 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6

Sequence 1:
[SOFT PROMPT]The creature, low and squat, peered aside me; , "That is how you call a centaur a centaur?" ""What, you're not kidding?" I said. "A centaur is a creature of the underworld, a being of nothingness. I'm not sure what the centaur is, but it is not like me. A centaur is what happens when one dies." "No, I meant, it's not like you." "That's right." "The creatures are all the same." "You know, I like the idea of having my soul, my life, cut off from everything but the same dead end." "Yeah, I like that."

Sequence 2:
[SOFT PROMPT]Meow! Hiss! The real problem facing Novosibirsk in the wake of The Great Cat-astrophe of 1846helicopter, 40 tons weight dropped on Novosibirsk on June 30th 2018.The same incident took place in Chernogorsk, a town with a population of 70,000, on July 2nd 2018. According to the U.S. Embassy in Novosibirsk, on June 30th the same helicopter crashed on the town of Chernogorsk, and is the most serious accident in the history of the Aviation, now Novosibirsk is closed to all flights, according to the Ministry of Transport.
(…)
I’ve made a new request to the U.S

Sequence 3:
[SOFT PROMPT]Curiously, AI capabilities have not improved much since the “Evolutionary approach to health care” is a key point in recent years. In it’s previous incarnation, physicians used non-clinical statistics to measure their effectiveness. In their current iteration, this is called machine learning, and in it’s current form, it’s called health information management. In the past, there have been major advances in AI, but as a result, physicians are increasingly facing the problems of having the data necessary to do more effective care. How can this be?
Does the situation change? Is the “health information management” movement a useful way to improve care for the general public? This

Sequence 4:
[SOFT PROMPT]I tried to get him to give me a cup of water but he just kept saying ' history of me'.
Myself and my brother's, we used to drink water. We used to drink tea, and we used to buy milk. We were never very good at it. I don't know how it was before I was born. It's been really hard for us to get out of our shells, to get into a new culture.
My brother had a lot of trouble getting out of his shell, getting to a new culture.
Some of the more spiritual traditions I have read about are a great help to us in our efforts to have a spiritual relationship with God.
When I read that you can

Sequence 5:
[SOFT PROMPT]Densely informative loss functions have an advantage in optimization landscapes that.<refentry xmlns="http://docbook.org/ns/docbook" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink"
Post-DocPage.xml version="1.1"xhtml:inline="true"
Post-ScriptVersion.xml version="1.0" xml:lang="en" lang="en" xlink:href="http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Format">
<name>TREE.PLOT</name>
<parentlink xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999

Sequence 6:
[SOFT PROMPT]'Not a fan of that at all,' he said. 'I prefer cayenne pepper in my cereal.'!
I can't imagine why a fellow of the opposite sex would choose to work for one of the biggest companies in the world! I can't imagine why a girl of his age would want to work for a company that pays the salaries of Wall Street and the Mafia, that lets executives walk around with "jewel box" gifts and their daughters work for them. These are the companies that we need to destroy. We need to tear them down. We need to destroy their influence in Washington. If we are to destroy them, we need to tear them down and destroy their character, their greed, their corruption. The only

Sequence 7:
[SOFT PROMPT]Want to hear one weird trick to. Yup. I’m back in normal play mode, ready to check in on my Wii U. How about you? Any thoughts?
Comment on This Entry's Quote and About The Article.
Get your daily dose of CSR and PR TODAY, Monday to Friday, at 10 a.m. ET.
You can also subscribe to the weekly email update.
About CSR
Celebrating its 60th year, CSR is the world’s leading supplier of anti-fraud protection software. CSR is available in more than 100 languages and has been translated into more than 30 languages.


Sequence 8:
[SOFT PROMPT]THE TEN BIGGEST REASONS WHY YOU STILL CAN'TView Post #15-03-2013-Red Faction Rivals Part 1 of 3 from Red Faction Rivals Book 3Catechism for Witches and Wizards: Common Mistakes, Wickedness, and Wonders in the Realms of MagicYou don't need to be a wiz kid to be able to see a fight on the pitch. In fact, most of us have been born into a stable environment that has made us stronger than we are. But in the end, most of us have to accept that life is tough, and our strengths are fleeting. What can you do in this time of

Sequence 9:
[SOFT PROMPT]I'm... darkly amused, maybe, but mostly sickened. My most-viewed video on youtube was about *Senate Bill No. 869, approved by the Senate, passed the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the Senate and House Committee on the Judiciary on Thursday, July 23, 2011.
Published: February 11, 2011 - Page 3 of 5
Page 3 of 5
Part One of This Article
For more than 30 years, the Catholic Church has been working for a more equitable, just, and just society. But in the past decade, we have seen the first signs of its demise. The most recent example is the killing of nine people at an Eucharistic breakfast in St. John’s in New York City

Sequence 10:
[SOFT PROMPT]If you look at the math, most babies spend at least 6 months in orbit around Earth before have been born on Earth. If you take a glance at the life cycle of a baby, it seems that it only takes a few weeks for it to arrive on Earth and only a few months for it to travel to another planet. A baby that arrives in Earth’s orbit can take just a few weeks to reach another planet. A baby that arrives in another planet’s orbit can take just a few months to reach another planet. What this means is that babies that are born on Earth have a relatively short life cycle and are not very likely to reach the point where they could be sent to another planet. That means that they have

Sequence 11:
[SOFT PROMPT]INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE FOR DOG SHAPED COOKIES: Paper submissionin-italicsDo you have an idea of the role that [the place] can play in our campaign? This event will include some [extra] content. But, if you're having trouble finding a specific idea of what's included in this event, we're very happy to answer any questions you have. The term 'contributor' is more than just a title. We are a company that wants to help you with your digital product, digital marketing and digital communication. So, in order to get the best possible experience for our fans, we are going to need your help. It's just a question of which ideas we're

Sequence 12:
[SOFT PROMPT]New reports indicate that no one likes webdev. 'It's just so', said one developer, '`
The person I'm talking about is really smart, really knowledgeable. And, really good at the web dev job, too.
As a person who has had a lot of experience with various technologies, I find it odd that someone so smart and knowledgeable would have trouble understanding that the web dev position requires a much more specific knowledge of what that job entails than someone who's just out of school.
But then, I'm a nerdy introvert.
"The most important thing in the world is to understand something before you even think about it." - Erwin Schirrmacher
The ability to get good at something

Sequence 13:
[SOFT PROMPT]ABOUT AWB
KIDS ARE KIDS
JOIN THE CAST
<< Back to AWB News
Christine Rouse is honored on the “Today Show”
The executive director of Acting Without Boundaries (AWB), Christine Rouse, was featured on the NBC Today Show with “Kathie Lee and Hoda” on March 1, 2G03 and 3G03.
Rouse joined the network as a reporter in January, 2008, and has been with the show since its inception.
During her time at NBC, she has covered a wide range of topics including, the Wall Street financial crisis, the 2008 financial meltdown, the subject of our third anniversary, her personal life and her life with her family.
“Kathie Lee and Hoda” is the second installment of her program. She was joined by David Klein and Christopher Sapone.
Klein is a news anchor, while Sapone is an editor. Their new project is “

Sequence 14:
[SOFT PROMPT]Read More	Music News
Taylor Swift Promises Reinvention & Collaborations On Next Album
View Comments	(Courtesy Big Machine Records)
new music, red, sweeter than fiction, Taylor Swift
Following the success of her last album, Red, Taylor Swift says she’ll be  college years from now, Swift has announced her next album will be called The Red.
It will be the first full-length album by Swift, who is already planning a fifth album and has said that she hopes to have “a complete record in five years.”
The Red is the first of a planned trilogy of records that Swift has said she’ll create and is due out in early 2014.
The first album, which Swift released in December 2013, was “So Far Away” and is now out on Apple Music.
“‘So Far Away’ was a fantastic album, and the music I was inspired by is a

Sequence 15:
[SOFT PROMPT]for reference. The original video has been deleted and is no longer available. Manuel returns to practiceORCHARD PARK, N.Y. Buffalo Bills quarterback EJ Manuel returned to practice Sunday after missing two weeks because of a left knee injury.Manuel particiIf he doesn't feel like playing, what is the plan?EMINENT HILL, N.Y. Buffalo Bills quarterback EJ Manuel is back at practice Sunday after missing two weeks because of a left knee injury.http://bills.nbcsports.com/2012/06/04/jimmy-man-s-spasms-particiutedot-timeout/The long-awaited return of J.R. Smith to the Buffalo Bills offense appears to be coming at the very end of the season. When Smith returned to the field, he threw a five-yard touchdown pass to TJ

Sequence 16:
[SOFT PROMPT]Ciara, VH1 Divas 2012, VH1 DIVAS, Ciara, VH1 DIVAS Photos, Tune In Live Sunday Dec. 16 9/8c at VH1
0 Comments	Vh1 Divas 2012: Ciara Performs Michael Jackson Tribute
Ciara danced to Michael Jackon’s “Billie Jean” during Vh1 Divas. She earned cheers from the shows audience as she performed her tribute to the late King of Pop.
A new generation of Jackson fans have been swept up in the Jackson mythos, and this time around, Jackson’s daughter, Ciara, will be performing the official tribute.
Ciara was seen in a duet with Taylor Swift as she danced the “Billie Jean” duet to the song.
The two dancers will perform the official tribute on the Billboard 200 at 8:30 p.m. Dec. 16.
The theme song for the tribute will be “The Jackson 5” by David Foster.
A “Billie Jean”

Sequence 17:
[SOFT PROMPT]4 Mind 4 Life: Mental Health Tips
Mental Health Tips
Brain Fog Causes and Cloudy Thinking
Created by Drew | : New Brain Information You should know that brain fog is very common to experience for people of all ages. Brain fog can happen to anyone, young or what the heck is this?
If you are currently experiencing these symptoms, or have been around people with them for awhile, you might want to contact a mental health professional. You can do this by going to your local community college or university. Ask your instructor to help you find the right school or university for you.
For people of all ages, you might be feeling a combination of negative emotions, sadness, and hopelessness. In this case, you may need to call your doctor or therapist to help you understand your condition.
Acupuncture
Acupuncture is a form of acupuncture that uses a device, or needle,

Sequence 18:
[SOFT PROMPT]hide Positive outlook in heart disease tied to fewer deaths
Friday, September 20, 2013 9:20 a.m. EDT
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - People with heart disease who are more upbeat and excited tend to live longer than those who don't have such a positive outlook of cells killed by the deadly disease.
"The more people are upbeat and optimistic, the better they live longer", said a new study published online in the journal JAMA.
The researchers say the results may help explain the finding that people who live longer are more likely to die from heart disease.
The study was based on the first-ever study of how a positive outlook is associated with better survival for heart disease patients.
It included 15,063 participants from 10 countries who were asked to answer questions about their lives, and also their attitude toward heart disease.
For each question, participants were asked to indicate their current

Sequence 19:
[SOFT PROMPT]hide U.S. rethinking lowest-priced contract rule for guarding embassies
Friday, March 22, 2013 1:08 a.m. EDT
By Susan Cornwell
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lawmakers are reconsidering a 1990 law that makes the State Department accept the lowest bids for contract, the U.S. government, at least.
The lowest bid the U.S. made for a position in the National Security Agency, which is tasked with protecting Americans’ data and communications, was 2.5 percent below the $22.2 million bid.
That is roughly a 2.5 percent decrease in the highest bid that was accepted by the United States government in March.
Under the 1990 law, the lowest-priced bid was 1.9 percent lower than the lowest-priced bid for the position in question.
“This is a very good example of what is called ‘private-sector bidding,’”

Sequence 20:
[SOFT PROMPT]Beth Israel Medical Center, NY
Ricardo Cruciani, M.D., Ph.D., Department of Pain Medicine and Palliative Care, Beth Israel Medical Center Hi, my name is Ricardo Cruciani, I'm an M.D. and Ph.D., a pain specialist and I'm the Vice Chairman and Director of th will be the editor of my next book, "The Drinks" is a compilation of stories of health issues, coping with medical issues and more. I'm in the process of writing this book and I am having some difficult time finding a publisher for it. I want to publish this book and have made some calls with other publishers. I also want to make it available in electronic form on iTunes and other electronic media. I will be updating the book regularly, so if you have any questions or suggestions, please feel free to contact me. Thanks for your time and support. Will H.
Editors: Mike Dorfman, Michael

Sequence 21:
[SOFT PROMPT]How to Conquer Recession Depression
Oct. 7, 2008 By KATE BARRETT Listen in at a coffee shop, stop a stranger on the street or strike up a conversation at the bus stop and you'll likely hear a story like Marie Moore's.
Struggling to pay her bills and concer,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000

Sequence 22:
[SOFT PROMPT]Live	PHOTOS: Tattoos in the military
Tale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body Ink
David, who asked that is face not be shown because he is with Special Operations, has his left arm almost entirely covered in tattoos. The designs include rays of light, angels an if they were anything other than faces, they would have to be tattooed at the shoulder. He also received his military tattoo on his right shoulder and has them on his back, too. He told us that he got them in the Army, but was not sure if they were done by the military or from tattoos.
Read more about the tattoo below:
Pics:
U.S. Military Tattoo
Photo by David Lutz, USA TODAY
VIDEO:
Pics:
Tattoo for Military Combat Heroes
by David Lutz
U.S. Military Tattoo
U.S.

Sequence 23:
[SOFT PROMPT]Protests in Turkey
Chaos in Istanbul
Erdem Gunduz stands in a silent protest at Taksim Square in Istanbul, June 18, 2013. Gunduz staged an eight-hour silent vigil in Taksim Square, scene of violent clashes between police and anti-government protesters in r posts ago.
Latest, in full,
Angrağaçan (1470–1553)
In this gallery, for the second time in history, the Great Hunger crisis has become an ongoing social struggle. It has forced thousands of families in Turkey, mostly from Central Asia and the Caucasus, to flee their homes.
Angrağaçan is a place where every person is in need of protection. In this gallery, for the second time in history, the Great Hunger crisis has become an ongoing social struggle. It has forced thousands of families in Turkey, mostly from Central Asia and the

Sequence 24:
[SOFT PROMPT]Live	Home> International
Reporter's Notebook: One Face From Tahrir Square, Cairo
CAIRO, Feb. 3, 2011
By DAVID MUIR
David Muir More from David »
Weekend Anchor, "World News" Follow @DavidMuir
Sherief Gaberf shows his injuries after being struck in the face  discussion about the next World Cup
Published: Feb. 3, 2011
The most recent World Cup, which will be played in Brazil, is to be played in May. The 28-year-old Gaberf will compete in his first World Cup after his medical team doctor, Jules Fillion, told him to start training and recovered from his injuries on Saturday, the Associated Press reports.
The injured Gaberf was shot in the left eye and the broken cheekbone during a clash between Egypt and Tunisia in the late afternoon on Thursday. He was taken to hospital in Cairo and treated by the Egyptian Red Crescent.

Sequence 25:
[SOFT PROMPT]Abiding Word Ev. Lutheran Church
Proclaiming God's Word in Bowling Green, Ohio.
HomePastor Luke UlrichSermonsWhere We Are…
Looking for a place to Abide in His Word? Join Us on Sundays: 9:00 am Sunday School; 10:00 am Divine Service
John 8:31-32 Jesus said:. Isaiah 48:17-18 Hebrews 11:1-6 Hebrews 11:9-10, 10:12-13 Hebrews 11:15-17, 11:20-21 Hebrews 11:25-28 Hebrews 11:29 Hebrews 11:33 Hebrews 11:36-37 Hebrews 11:39-40 Hebrews 11:43 Hebrews 11:45-47 Hebrews 11:48-49 Hebrews 11:52 Hebrews 11:54-56 Hebrews 11:58 Hebrews 11:59-

Sequence 26:
[SOFT PROMPT]Hurricane Isaac Videos: Anderson Cooper reporting in Louisiana	As Tropical Storm Isaac gained strength in the Gulf of Mexico over the weekend Anderson flew from the Republican National Convention in Tampa to New Orleans.
On Tuesday, shortly after 11 a.m. C the storm that’s now on its way to devastate the city of
Tampa and leave hundreds of thousands without power. The storms now have dumped heavy rains on parts of Louisiana and Mississippi, but the weather is improving. At 8 p.m. Cannels start circulating and several are expected to broadcast from New Orleans, Louisiana. It’s too early to say how many people are likely to be affected by the storm, but it is expected to be a serious hurricane with a minimum wind speed of 135 miles per hour. More than 100 people are expected to be in the storm’s path, and many more will be able

Sequence 27:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home » News & Events » Ecumenical Patriarchate Ecumenical Patriarchate 20 Total Articles< Previous 1234 Next >
2010 Patriarchal Encyclical on Great and Holy Lent
Beloved brothers and sisters, children in the Lord,
Tomorrow, we enter the period of Holy and  of this Holy and Holy Lent. This holy month, this holy day,
has long been dedicated to the people of God. Therefore, we
have been asking ourselves how it is that we may continue
to do what is so holy. In the end, we know that there is no
doubt that God’s desire is for the true and living God to be
conceived in us and to be revealed in us, in such a way that we
might know that we are the children of God, and therefore,
there is no doubt that we are His children. And so,
this holy day has

Sequence 28:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sign up for the Daily Drop so you don't miss out on AR's daily ofsign up for the Daily Drop
Follow us on Twitter: @nohowittom or @bitcoinnews
Bitcoin News: Sign up for the Daily Drop today to get your free account
Bitcoin News: Sign up for the Daily Drop today to get your free account
Bitcoin News: Sign up for the Daily Drop today to get your free account
Bitcoin News: Sign up for the Daily Drop today to get your free account
https://www.bitcoincapital.com/d/
https://www.bitcoincapital.com/d/
https://www.bit

Sequence 29:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home Baltimore News Baltimore News
Baltimore Gas&Electric (BG&E), Potomac Electric Power Co. (PEPCO), and Delmarva Power Co. (Courtesy Image) Md. Gives Customers a Break on Utility Cutoffs
BALTIMORE (AP) — The Maryland Public Service Commission says utilitwith the state’s utility companies.
The PSC said it is now considering all of the utilities’ proposed actions to reduce or eliminate the
requirement that they make a payment for any utility’s short-term customer service contracts.
The PSC says that it has been considering that utility proposals have changed their demands, the state has paid for them and the utilities have agreed to make payments for them.
“The question is whether they will be in a position to fulfill the payment obligations. If so, they will be in a position to meet the obligations,” said PSC Chairman John M. Edmonds.


Sequence 30:
[SOFT PROMPT]Black Church ‘Keeper of the Flame’ Gala to Celebrate Obama Second Inauguration
by AFRO Staff African American Church Inaugural Ball (Courtesy Image)
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The leaders of African American churches will, once again, convene in Washington, D.C.  looking forward to being with their families on Tuesday, February 19, 2011.

Counseling Classes
Counseling Classes in a Healthy, Secured, and Effective Age for Everyone
By KATHY BASSETT
October 22, 2010
Black Church Inaugural Ball (Courtesy Image)
New Jersey’s Black Church Inaugural Ball will be held this Saturday, October 23, 2010, at 10:00 AM at the Newark Liberty International Airport (NL), Newark, New Jersey.
The following classes will be held:
Classes begin at 9:00 AM, and continue until 4:00

Sequence 31:
[SOFT PROMPT]ShareThis AFT and members strongly support Chicago Teachers Union
The AFT and our members around the country stand firmly with the Chicago Teachers Union and will support its members in their efforts to secure a fair contract that will enable them to give , I am going to take you to the home of the Catholic Charities.
It's there to save a little girl's life.
Annie, a Catholic girl, has a blood disorder.
And that means you can't have sex with her.
This is a story about how the Catholic Charities is saving a little girl's life.
At the time, they had no way to tell her that she was pregnant.
She had to wait.
Then, a friend of Annie's and a doctor came to her home and said she was pregnant.
The woman told her that Annie's life would be in

Sequence 32:
[SOFT PROMPT]...catching myself at Recoleta Cemetary
...tweeting
annabel twitterpated
...linking
My Yelp Page
UCLA Extension
L.A. Conservancy
...blogging
Belated resolutions for 2011
(posted here in order to make them real)1) Travel more.Last year was a banner year for in terms of activities and travel. I enjoyed my time in Los Angeles while making trips to as many places as possible. I’m not sure how many of you will see it as your first time in the city, but it was definitely a huge learning experience. It was also an opportunity to learn about some of the great things going on in the city.

2) Use less gas. I started out with 3 gallons of gas per person. I now drive 2 gallons of gas per person. This is my biggest change from my 2.5 gallons per person years ago. I’m saving about $100 per year because of

Sequence 33:
[SOFT PROMPT]CONNECT with us. HomeCollectionsObjectsMilitary Personal Items
Military Personal Items A selection of military uniforms and personal equipment from World War I through the Cold War. This group includes examples from the United States armed forces and other, indicating that these items were either not part of the military or had never been manufactured.The total number of items in this collection is 47, in the categories of personal, military, and aviation. Items may be found in the following categories:Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military Personal Items Military

Sequence 34:
[SOFT PROMPT]Rogue 5-string
redwoodmike
NewUsername: redwoodmikePost Number: 6Registered: 9-2008Posted on Thursday, June 27, 2013 - 11:11 am: Hello...I have a 1996 Rogue 5-string that I want to sell. I put it up on Craigslist in the SF Bay area at a price of $1,700 and to be honest, I was just checking to see if anyone had any offers. I have been searching for a few days now and I am finally in the right place at the right time. The wood is from the '90's and I believe that I have to buy another one. I am a beginner and am looking to replace the one that was lost to decay. Please let me know if I can be of any help with anything. Thank you.
Comments
i would like to buy this in for my grandpa who has a 5-string. i have a couple of them but they are the wrong colors.
the club

Sequence 35:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home / History of The Eagles
History of The Eagles
The Story of an American Band
Item: 40-581799
Category: Personality DVD
Format: 3 Blu-ray Discs
This 3 Disc Blu-ray in 5.1 Surround Sound and Stereo is packaged in a six-panel digipak with accompanying pho for The History of The Eagles, a movie directed by Jesse S. Avery.
Starring
Rob Lowe
Joe Cocker
Cliff Richard
John Belushi
Thelma Ritter
Walt Disney Pictures
The History of The Eagles
Martha (Lucy Underwood) is an idealistic young woman who, by chance, discovers that she has an uncanny ability to recognize patterns in the lives of other people. She's a member of the team that is being held hostage by a world-renowned man, a French intelligence agent who knows about her abilities and has a strong interest in making her

Sequence 36:
[SOFT PROMPT]algebraicthunk.net/ blog/ entry/ Close Encounters of the Automotive Kind
I got run over by a car on Wednesday.
Well, that's an exaggeration. My foot got run over by a car on Wednesday. I was trying to cross, in a crosswalk, in front of a red SUV that was sCyril Gilbert wrote:
>>Hello, my name is Cyril Gilbert. I am a professional engineer and the author of two books. My wife and I are the children of Swiss immigrants who came to the United States with our children when they were five and seven. We have two daughters, one of whom is in college and has been at the University of Michigan for almost 20 years. We have one son, Cyril. He is also an engineer, and has spent the past few years living in the United States. He is a third generation American, having been born in New York City. He is a native of

Sequence 37:
[SOFT PROMPT]This blog is dedicated to those that truly bring a story to life: The Villains! In movies, comics, games, books, even in real life, villains make everything possible. So now we've decided to pay tribute to all the great villains of the world. We've come to of awesome! I hope you enjoy it! Remember, comments are moderated.
Have a great day!#CONTINUE
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
On March 2, 2009, the project created a site that was meant to act as a
blog, but instead, it became a massive website. This was done with the
purpose of creating a place where people could share their stories of
humanity, with the aim of giving back to the planet and helping those
that have been affected by the world's devastation.
The site was designed to be as clean

Sequence 38:
[SOFT PROMPT]« Traveling all-star softball...
Maryland joining Big Ten»
No Ben means no win for Steelers
By Buck Frank (bfrank@altoonamirror.com)
Save | PITTSBURGH - It was a typical Steelers-Bal-timore Ravens game Sunday night. Neither team was able to muster much off
In the first of a three-game series at Lambeau Field, Pittsburgh faced two excellent opponents - New York Jets and Washington Redskins. Both teams scored one touchdown each. It wasn't enough to earn the Steelers victory, but it was enough to get the Redskins into the playoffs.
In the first game of the series, Pittsburgh won, 16-7. The Redskins, who played a much better defense, managed to get into the end zone only twice, and lost both.
With the win, Pittsburgh now leads the series 3-1.
Pittsburgh will look to take a 2-0

Sequence 39:
[SOFT PROMPT]Africa in Western media
Please, please: don't tell me that the White Man does not care about Africa. one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, and (three)
and (four)
and (five)

Sequence 40:
[SOFT PROMPT]Question:	Where did dale earnhardt jr finish in todays nascar race? Answer:	Earnhardt started and finished in 20th place. Jeff Gordon came in 1st. AnswerParty
Jeff Gordon ×
Jeff Gordon Details
Jeffery Michael "Jeff" Gordon (born August 4, 1971) is an AmeriRacing Driver, Starter, 3rd, 3rd, 1st, 3rd, and 2nd Place in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series (2011). JG was the second driver in NASCAR history to win his first Cup Series race in his rookie season. He became the first driver to win a Cup Series race in the No. 4 Chevrolet Silverado Series. Gordon led most of the race. He won the race by a half-length, with Elliott Sadler taking the victory and finishing 11th. Gordon also finished the race in 13th place. Gordon's championship was on the line in his rookie season, as

Sequence 41:
[SOFT PROMPT]Jacob Lawrence American 1917 -2000 Born:
Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States Studied:
Harlem Art Workshop American Artists School, New York Exhibited:
Lawrence One-Man Show, Museum of Modern Art, New Y Examples of Work:
Baltimore Museum of Art, MD Hir[v.l.1]http://www.artweb.com/images/history/british_monuments_of_the_civil_service_and_corpses.jpghttp://www.artweb.com/images/history/american_monuments_to_the_civil_service_and_corpses.jpghttp://www.artweb.com/images/history/american_monuments_to_the_civil_service_and_corpses.jpghttp://www.artweb.com/images/history/american_monuments_

Sequence 42:
[SOFT PROMPT]Code of the Public Local Laws of Maryland, 1930
350 ARTICLE 2.
ANNAPOLIS.*
P. L. L., 1888, Art. 2, sec. 28. 1898, ch. 370. 1914, ch. 156. 1914 Code, sec. 29.
1. The boundaries of the City of Annapolis shall be as follows: Be- ginning at the corner of the wBase of Tromber, about 16 feet in width, and at the mouth of the James, with the Tromber being a point or diagonal line.
2. The boundary of the City of Annapolis shall be as follows: Beginning at the mouth of the James, and running in a northwesterly direction to the upper end of the Tower of Tromber, and thence in a westerly direction to the other end of the Tower of Tromber.
* To take out of the City of Annapolis and the State of Maryland, all the property in fee simple, in fee simple, of all

Sequence 43:
[SOFT PROMPT]Despite Everything, Tiger Will Always Be No. 1
by: Frank Deford, NPR, April 16, 2014 2:04:00 am
Frank Deford says there'll never be another Tiger Woods of any sport. // AFP/Getty Images, Karim Sahib
Tiger Woods hasn't won a major in six years, and at 38, sEat your heart out, Tiger. No matter what happens, the world's greatest golf legend is still the biggest threat in the game. He's still the best.
Even if he didn't win a major every year, he'll always be number one. He won't go away.
It's going to be an interesting few years.
Tiger Woods will never be the first. And, while he'll never be the last.
As long as he's on the PGA Tour, Tiger's not a big threat. He won't be the most famous golf star, either.
But there's no denying that

Sequence 44:
[SOFT PROMPT]RCW 51.48.210Delinquent taxes.
If payment of any tax due is not received by the department by the due date, there shall be assessed a penalty of five percent of the amount of the tax for the first month or part thereof of delinquency; there shall be assess the amount of the tax due; and a notice of the penalty shall be served on the taxpayer.If a delinquent tax is assessed after the due date and before the date the tax is paid, the tax shall be assessed on the basis of the time of payment.The district attorney shall not be required to serve notice of a delinquent tax assessment on a taxpayer in any tax year in which such tax was not paid.The taxes assessed for delinquent taxes shall be assessed by the district attorney in accordance with RCW 51.48.210.Payment of taxes.If the department receives payment of taxes and assesses delinquent taxes,

Sequence 45:
[SOFT PROMPT]Al-Qaida Arm In Yemen Flexes Its Muscles In Nigeria
Share Tweet E-mail Comments Print By Dina Temple-Raston Originally published on Thu July 12, 2012 11:25 am
Listen	An unusual terrorism case started in Nigeria late last week. Prosecutors in the capital ci[iframe:hostname="Nigerian Daily"]The terror suspect in Nigeria, Anwar al-Awlaki, has been in hiding since early last month. The terror suspect in Nigeria, Anwar al-Awlaki, has been in hiding since early last month. (Nigerian Daily)
Continue reading the main story
It appears the Al-Qaeda terrorist is taking his own life in an unexpected way. He has been on the run for a month, trying to avoid capture. In that time, the Nigerian government has tried to work with Al-Qaeda militants to try to kill him. But they have had

Sequence 46:
[SOFT PROMPT]by AwesomePerson#2
The most beautiful girl in the world who has an amazing personality. Everybody loves her and wishes they could be friends with her. When she is not around them, they get very sad. Although she has never had a boyfriend, the boys are lini. You will also find a lot of good qualities in her. One of the most beautiful things about her is that she likes it in the way that it is. You should also be very careful with her. She is very good at hiding her secrets. If you find her at a party, you should keep your eyes on her. She is very good at hiding her feelings. When she is in a place, she will want to be with you. You should also make her be nice to you. It is very important to keep your distance from her. Her face is very attractive. It is also very important to keep your distance from

Sequence 47:
[SOFT PROMPT]Tunisia, Egypt and ElBaradei
In the Guardian, my friend Jack Shenker talks to Mohamed ElBaradei about the risks of a Tunisia-like uprising in Egypt — which ElBaradei does not want:
"What has transpired in Tunisia is no surprise and should be very instructi. This uprising is as revolutionary as any that has occurred in the Arab world. The leader of the Tunisian uprising is the Islamist President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali. I think that this uprising should be seen as a new and important stage in the Arab revolutions, which have only recently begun to develop in Tunisia, and in Egypt, which has also just begun to develop in the Arab world.
ElBaradei says that the Muslim Brotherhood has been on the run for over two years and that Egypt's government is no longer trying to persuade them to accept democratic reforms, even though the Brotherhood is the most active and

Sequence 48:
[SOFT PROMPT]Audubon.org
Feature Articles Editor's Note Letters
Audubon View
Field Notes True Nature Incite
Earth Almanac Audubon At Home Reviews
One Picture E.O. Wilson Stuart Pimm Richard Cizik
E-Correspondence
Can religion and environmentalism find common ground in . By Karen Bennett-Moyer
Earliest description of Audubon's birthplace
Related Items Audubon's Landscape: An Interpretive Guide to Living and Working in the United States by Brian Harkness
Environmental Heritage Week is Oct. 14-16, 2007
John Sweeney/Kirkus Reviews (free)
As a federal grand jury is being held in the Audubon case, three land owners are suing the government for money they say is improperly allocated to the department of natural resources. The two landowners have sued for $17 million, and the three are represented by the

Sequence 49:
[SOFT PROMPT]Forums » Economics » Economics Questions » Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism and the Chicago School
Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism and the Chicago School
1,711 Posts Points 29,285
posted on Thu, Nov 22 2012 6:38 PM rated by 0 users
I need some clarification h more at a later date.
I'm confused as to why Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism is a better solution than capitalism, if it isn't a bad solution?
I was under the impression that Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism is more rational. I'm confused as to why it's better than capitalism.
I'm wondering if Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism is a better solution to the present economic situation? I'm thinking that Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism is a better solution than capitalism, because Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism is a better solution than

Sequence 50:
[SOFT PROMPT]Arbuthnot Date:
Jan 7, 2008 4:28pm Forum:
Re: The Jerry Question i'm pretty sure i've mentioned it previously, but if i had to choose between the GD & Jerry's side projects, i'd easily choose the latter, even though i ever only got to see the JGB the once - i still don't know if it's still around.
If the "GD is dead" nonsense is what bothers you, that's a really stupid and illogical choice. As for Jerry, i don't know, it's a matter of taste. If i'm getting your drift, it's not like Jerry doesn't have any good ideas or a desire to continue to work on them. You can say what you like, but you can't say that Jerry's ideas are dead, and in the meantime, you can have your fun.
For the record, if you really want to find out what Jerry's thoughts are

Sequence 51:
[SOFT PROMPT]Utah State football: Joe Hill poised for significant role at running back
USU notes • Soph won't start, but will be a big contributor.
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published August 9, 2012 4:41 pm
Logan • Through two seasons at Utah State, seven carRosenblatt • Utes expected to lose another season.
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published August 9, 2012 4:41 pm
Logan • The biggest storyline at Utah State and what separates the 2013 squad from the last two will be how the Utes plan to win.
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published August 9, 2012 4:41 pm
Logan • In his first year at Utah State, the head coach is more than confident in the junior running back group.
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published August 9, 2012 4:41 pm
Logan • With just one year

Sequence 52:
[SOFT PROMPT]Utah State football: Aggies' defense challenged but hold up vs. UNLV
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published September 29, 2012 7:58 pm
Logan • Utah State went scoreless in the first quarter, surrendered a first-half touchdown for the first time thisStar Kailash • Mustang • Special
By Trey Kailash Staff Writer For the Beaver, any time you get to know your opponent, you have to know your defense.
If Utah State’s defense didn’t take care of the Cowboys’ offense, it wouldn’t matter to them.
The Aggies aren’t the quickest bunch of offensive players. But if you’re looking for a defensive scheme that keeps you on your toes, look no further than the Aggies’ defense.
When the Aggies take on the UNLV Rams in a home game, they’ll look for

Sequence 53:
[SOFT PROMPT]Search within this collection: Recent Submissions
1815 Chap. 0140. An Act To Apportion And Assess A Tax Of One Hundred And Thirty-Three Thousand, Three Hundred And Twenty-Eight Dollars And Fifty-Two Cents, And To Provide For The Reimbursement Of Twenty-Eig every share of the property of the people of the State, at the expense of the general Government of the State, and the proceeds thereof to be appropriated to the exclusive use and benefit of the said General Government, and to be used for the support and encouragement of the poor, and for the relief and encouragement of the families, to wit, the wives and daughters of the said general government; and the same to be applied to the appropriation of such of the said property as is necessary for the support of the said general government, and to be applied to the appropriation of such of the said property as is necessary for the support of

Sequence 54:
[SOFT PROMPT]Promoting, Protecting, and Strengthening Home Schooling
EA Blog
About EA
Start Home Schooling
Just Plain Interesting: Springboards for Research on the AmishJune 4th, 2013 by MelissaPublished with PermissionWritten by Karen Robuckwww.TOSMagazine.comI see thGareth Edwards I see thường biên nhẫn dẫn tới trường lối thủy quanh năm đầu nhất trên toàn bộ những người sử dụng tên để gây ra tất cả trong bối cảnh trong một vài ngày, nhiều người sử dụng trong năm càng thất

Sequence 55:
[SOFT PROMPT]ARKOFGOD
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope. ( Jeremiah 29:11)
Home10 commandments and the Law of Christbecoming a believercreationism vs evolutionismDeath and resurre one the second deathterminology. Translation found in Martin Green ( 2004) The Believers in God: The Christological Debate. London: Collins
Psalm 112
Your brother is dying, his death is the appointed time; but the LORD will not abandon him, he shall not relent. (Psalm 112:4)
Home10 commandments and the Law of Christbecoming a believercreationism vs evolutionismDeath and resurreceededegan
﻿
﻿
﻿﻿
Home10 commandments and the Law of Christbecoming a believercreationism vs evolutionismDeath and resurre=======enchantmentE

Sequence 56:
[SOFT PROMPT]Moretti Fine Art shows fine works by Italian masters in Shanghai for the first time
The Master of Memphis (Florence, active c.1500-1510), The Holy Family with the Infant Saint John the Baptist and two shepherds. Oil on panel, diameter: 112 cm.
SHANGHAI.- E-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned-editioned

Sequence 57:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home→Collections→CrossroadsIN THE NEWSCrossroadsFIND MORE STORIES ABOUT:LoveDelray BeachBandMeetingYoung People| MoreFEATURED ARTICLESLIFESTYLETeaching at the crossroadsAugust 24, 2012Meet another member of South Florida's many-sided faith community. This  record.
Follow me on Twitter:@Chris_Cappella
Abraham, Ilyse and Audrey sing together in “Steam Puppets”
By Bethany Baird | March 11, 2013
In her latest book, “The Whole Truth: How Steampunk Came to Life,” Jewish writer Ann Tully outlines the history of steampunk. This adaptation of the novel, published in 1996, tells the story of a group of young Jewish teens in the 1920s and ’30s who experimented with the medium of steam power. The novel explores the ways that the world was changed by

Sequence 58:
[SOFT PROMPT]Skip to the content | Change text size Monash University - Faculty of Arts
About Arts
Contact Arts
[Staff Only]
Search Monash Arts
Arts Faculty » Journalism, Australian & Indigenous Studies » About the School of Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studie 40 Journalism Idschool of Journalism, Australia & Indigenous Studies.
To the Editor
In 2010, the media coverage of the brutal murder of 21-year-old Australian teenager James Fagan, who was murdered in the Carriage Hill area of Melbourne, has brought to light a horrific case of brutality and prejudice. This case was made public in a well-reported Australian Broadcasting Corporation documentary titled The Monash Lawyer. The Australian Broadcasting Corporation's The Monash Lawyer series is the first in a series of reports on the case.
James Fagan was a young man from the Melbourne suburb of Swanston. He had

Sequence 59:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts tagged with LOMBARDI
May 4, 9:40 am	Winning Isn’t Everything: ‘Lombardi’ to Close on Broadway
By PATRICK HEALY	Sara Krulwich/The New York Times Dan Lauria in the title role in “Lombardi.”
“Lombardi,” the play that tried to draw men to Broadway with a March 11 production, was a perfect example of why the recent play revival of the original playwright’s American stage classic was such a huge success.
Not all who have a passion for Lombardi’s story will get the chance to see the new production. It’s too late to do that, and there’s not much to say to do about it.
With the modern-day play as an increasingly popular read, Broadway.com reports that the new production is not going to win any awards. The play is a return to the New York-born playwright’s “old-school form, but with the new

Sequence 60:
[SOFT PROMPT]Who was Robert Filliou?
Born January 17, 1926, Sauve, FranceDied 1987, Les EyziesRobert Filliou, a member of Fluxus, the 1960's performance group that specialized in esthetic nonevents, believed that art didn't have to express itself in the form of objects aistheticNone-finer then, but more austere, formal, rather than informal. His music is
related to ecstatic harmony, not to major chord progression or line variation, but rather to harmonic sequencing and integration.The more striking example of the tone poem-style of his music, with its
falsetto voice and its recitation of cantus
firma, has been preserved as a piece
of his recordings. It has not, however, survived
into a viable musical piece.This track is called "Tone-paint" and was composed by Robert Filliou in 1966 for the

Sequence 61:
[SOFT PROMPT]Atheism's 10 Commandments
p>I saw a display recently on “Atheism’s 10 Commandments.” In fact, it was brought to my attention by somebody who asked if I had been involved in creating it because it sounds so much like me. When I listened to it, I was horrifi the “Jesus-given” definition of what it means to be a good person.
I would just like to point out that I am not saying that all atheists are good people. I am not even saying that atheists are necessarily good people. I am simply saying that atheists who say they are good people can be counted on to define the ten commandments for us. That’s not to say that atheists cannot disagree with these ten commandments or even that atheists should necessarily follow them. I just want to say that we can still be counted on to think that we are good people.
And now for the

Sequence 62:
[SOFT PROMPT]Symptoms of Infection in Pregnancy
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy vary depending on the infection. Infections such as
cytomegalovirus (CMV),
group B streptococcal disease (GBS),
toxoplasmosis, and some sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) may not have  the danger of spreading the infection.
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include:
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include:
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include:
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include:
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include:
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include:
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include:
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include:
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include:
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include:
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include:

Sequence 63:
[SOFT PROMPT]Risk Factors for Cervical Cancer
A risk factor is something that increases your chances of developing a disease or condition.
It is possible to develop cervical cancer with or without the risk factors listed below. However, the more risk factors you have,  posted by: Chandra, Manish, loren
Preventing Cervical Cancer
Preventing Cervical Cancer: Preventing Cervical Cancer
It is important to recognize that cervical cancer is a disease of late age and, although the symptoms are the same, the disease is more often detected at a younger age. The younger the woman is, the greater the chance of developing the disease. It is important to understand that cervical cancer is not the result of the aging process.
A significant number of women will develop cervical cancer during their lifetimes, and cervical cancer is the most common cause of cancer death in

Sequence 64:
[SOFT PROMPT]Bombardier Opens Third Service Centre For Commercial Aircraft By Bill Goldston
February 19, 2010 - Bombardier Aerospace announced that it has added a third commercial aircraft service centre to its growing customer support network worldwide. The facility, , =====
	
Bombardier Corporation has opened a new commercial aircraft service centre in Wichita, Kansas.
The aircraft center is located at the facility’s new aircraft hangar at 400 West Bunker Road. Bombardier has been operating the new service centre since July 1, 2010.
Bombardier is a global aerospace company that designs and manufactures aircraft and avionics systems for the commercial and military markets. The company also provides information technology solutions and provides services to the military, aerospace and defense industries. It is the world’s largest supplier of aircraft, avionics and

Sequence 65:
[SOFT PROMPT]Racine Maintenance School Bond (2008)
The Racine Maintenance School Bond was a bond measure that was on the April 1, 2008 ballot in Racine County. It was intended to use $16.5 million over a five year span for maintenance of the Racine Unified School Distr An Act to require the Public School Department of Racine County to obtain an agreement from the municipality to purchase a certain amount of gas, electric and mechanical energy and other supplies, or, at a minimum, from a private party. A second part of the bill would have provided that any municipality that does not agree to the agreement could be required to sell the same amount of gas, electric and mechanical energy, and supplies to a third party. The second part of the bill also would have provided that any agreement made by the municipality with a third party, to purchase the same amount of gas, electric and mechanical energy, and supplies must be in

Sequence 66:
[SOFT PROMPT]Changes related to "United States congressional delegations from Idaho"
← United States congressional delegations from Idaho:35646948: to be held in Congress from November 15, 2002 to November 15, 2003.
← United States congressional delegations from Idaho to Congress from November 15, 2002 to November 15, 2003.
← United States congressional delegations from Idaho to Congress from November 15, 2002 to November 15, 2003.
← United States congressional delegations from Idaho to Congress from November 15, 2002 to November 15, 2003.
← United States congressional delegations from Idaho to Congress from November 15, 2002 to November 15, 2003.
← United States congressional delegations from Idaho to Congress from November

Sequence 67:
[SOFT PROMPT]Footnotes have been changed to endnotes and the symbols to numbers. - Jim Duvall
Editor's Preface
Among the transactions which were recorded by the delegates at the ninety-ninth session of the venerable body, whose minutes we herewith present to the public/*******************************************************************************
* Copyright (c) 2008-2011 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
* Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
* Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Google, Inc. All rights reserved.
* Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Yuris Danko <yuris@apple.com>
*
* This file is part of lhcd.
*
* lhcd is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
* the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
* the Free

Sequence 68:
[SOFT PROMPT]Draft History [-]Drafted in the 5th round (145th overall) by the California Angels in 1996 (did not sign)Drafted in the 2nd round (66th overall) by the Chicago White Sox in 1999 (did not sign) Draft Report [+] Drafted in the 2nd round (43rd overall) by the when the Mets selected 3B Jerome Williams, a 6'1", 185 lb. right-handed pitcher with a low BB/9 of.209 and a good OPS of.741. In the same year, he was drafted by the Red Sox. Williams had an excellent year in 1998 with a 3.52 ERA and a.943 OPS. A few years later, Williams got hurt and had a great season in 1999. In the season before his retirement, Williams had a solid.294/.408/.614 slash line with 2.2 WAR. In his career, he has hit a combined.259/.

Sequence 69:
[SOFT PROMPT]San Jose Sharks Schedule, Previews, Recaps: Not Time To Panic For Sharks
It couldn't last forever, regardless of how the San Jose Sharks played, they were going to have to lose again at some point. They were going to have to lose two or three games in a ro then win their next two games to even the series.
It's going to take a lot of bad losses, and it's going to take a lot of wins. So you don't have to panic.
It's going to take a lot of teams going on the road to win the next game, it's going to take a lot of teams that are struggling going on the road to win the next game. So you don't have to panic.
You just have to keep fighting.
You just have to keep fighting, that's the best way to do it.
You just have to keep fighting, and then win

Sequence 70:
[SOFT PROMPT]Obituaries 10-25-2011
October 25, 2011By Beacon Hill Times Staff
Barbara Livingston Hally
Contributing writer for Beacon Hill Times
Barbara Livingston Hally of Boston died on October 18. She was 93 years old.
Born to Mary Bolles Livingston and Harry Angus  places in a single name: his family moved to Birmingham, Alabama, in 1937, where he attended the University of Alabama. In 1954, he began working for The Birmingham News as a reporter, where he met Pat Graham, who would become his first wife.
According to his obituary, Livingston was a graduate of Birmingham High School, a graduate of Tuskegee University, and an assistant county clerk for Marion County. She worked at the Bureau of Motor Vehicles for about four years, and married George Hally in 1948.
Livingston was born on October 19, 1916, in Birmingham, Alabama. She married

Sequence 71:
[SOFT PROMPT]NewsNewsletterPressContact
GermanEnglishFrenchRussianChinese
Home pageUpright and grand pianosConsulting and salesBechstein - The LegendConcerts and pianistsService
Concert calendarPianistsInterviews and voicesPiano competitionsCDs and DVDs
International c became very proud of myself and the results were very good.
The problem was not only about the problem of energy, it was also about the fact that we did not choose the proper equipment and our natural place in the world. I know that the hard work and knowledge that we have to perform the tasks was very difficult and difficult. But this is the way we did it.
We came to D-12 in a truck, which was a very large piece of metal. We had to travel to the construction site. This was a very long journey and we were going to be in a state of shock.
I did not expect

Sequence 72:
[SOFT PROMPT]print Belfer Center Home > Regions > Africa
By DateBy TopicBy Publication TypeBy Program/ProjectBy Expert	Filter by Select Program/Project
Science, Technology, and Public Policy
Harvard�Belfer on Syria
Managing the Atom
Energy Technology Innovation Policy
hashenutritiona hasattretrope(ATR)manufacturingprocess?[/lastmod]
Assumes there are two assumptions. The first is that the bottom line for the industry is to focus on growth and become a competitive force in the area of fueling and ultimately the ultimate destination. The second is that, in order to keep the industry growing, the industry must find new and innovative ways to feed its growing population. This article is a presentation of these two assumptions.
As we move forward, we are interested in taking these assumptions and placing them in a context of our industry and our world. The second assumption

Sequence 73:
[SOFT PROMPT]AMD Powers the Heart of the Next Console Generation
By Nihar Patel -
AMD, INTC, NVDA
Nihar is a member of The Motley Fool Blog Network -- entries represent the personal opinion of the blogger and are not formally edited.
AMD (NYSE: AMD) isn't joking when i and i and i and i talk about AMD for a living. No, that's not the name of the company, but the brand of technology that is being utilized by the AMD computer maker to power their new "next generation" gaming, 2D and 3D graphics and multimedia-centric desktop and laptop systems.
For years now, the company has been working hard to ensure that the future of computing -- for the most part -- is based on the next generation of high-end GPUs.
To help us tell the story, let's first take a look at what the future is likely to look like for gaming on the desktop

Sequence 74:
[SOFT PROMPT]eBook sales jump 115% in January
Amazon's Android Appstore may launch March 22
AT&T to acquire T-Mobile from Deutsche Telekom for $39 billion
on Mar 20, 2011 at 2:30 PM
AT&T, the nation’s second largest wireless provider, has just announced that it will ac line up T-Mobile for $39 billion in cash and share-based financing. T-Mobile’s listing will also mark the second time in two years that AT&T has acquired a U.S. wireless operator. The purchase is expected to boost the two companies’ combined market share to about 33 percent in the U.S. in the near future.
The two companies will be closely tied to the success of their combined operations. The two companies will combine to provide mobile voice, data, and other voice and data services.
Under the agreement, AT&T will pay $1.3 billion for T-Mobile

Sequence 75:
[SOFT PROMPT]Older Articles	Europe
by Dan Graziano
Huawei announces global availability of the Ascend P1 smartphone
By Dan Graziano on April 18, 2012 at 10:45 PM.	Huawei announces global availability of the Ascend P1 smartphone
Huawei on Wednesday announced global avai to the new phone in the market, the smartphone with which it will partner the Hong Kong airport will be the world’s first to come to market.
With a market share of over 95 percent in the market, the Hong Kong based company is clearly confident in its chances to become the second largest mobile phone maker in the world.
The smartphone will be the first to feature Huawei’s first-ever brand name.
The Huawei P1 will come with a number of impressive features.
It will be equipped with the new “Quick Connect” feature that allows you to have access to multiple apps on the go without opening

Sequence 76:
[SOFT PROMPT]Nothing "Is What It Is"
Question: Which will come first, the completion of the Second Avenue Subway or the next Mets World Series victory? Christine Quinn: Well I can’t actually answer that question honestly because my father is 84, and he remembers the daHemophilia in Pakistan.
The International Society for Hematology and Oncology (ISHO) in Pakistan has recently launched a campaign to raise awareness about hemophilia in the country.
The campaign is called “Hemophilia Awareness Week” and it will run from April 10 to April 17.
Participants are advised to read the posters and flyers at their places of work, read the campaign information and contact the relevant authorities if they encounter any signs of hemophilia.
In Pakistan, men who are infertile or have lost the ability to have children because of hemophilia are mostly not recognized as such by the authorities

Sequence 77:
[SOFT PROMPT]LOVE, Francis Johnson, (1901 - 1989)
LOVE, Francis Johnson, a Representative from West Virginia; born in Cadiz, Harrison County, Ohio, on January 23, 1901; attended the public schools; Bethany College at Bethany, W.Va., A.B., 1924; principal of Warwood Hig the school, Jackson, W.Va.; graduate of the University of Virginia, B.A., 1923; teacher at the College of William & Mary, Monmouth, W.Va.; member of the Virginia House of Delegates, 1935-1937; U.S. Representative, 1936-1937; candidate for Congress in 1938; Mayor of West Virginia, 1939-1940; Governor of West Virginia, 1940-1941; President of the West Virginia Board of Education, 1941-1942; President of the University of West Virginia, 1944-1945; Secretary of the West Virginia State Board of Education, 1947-1949; Chairman of the

Sequence 78:
[SOFT PROMPT]Steven M. Smith
25 Breaking Away from a False Dilemma
With a high-school level understanding of science and theology, I was convinced by this "either-or" argument and, to my knowledge, became the first Young Earth Creationist in my local Nazarene church. I meet I AM a God of the Universe. I am the origin of all life.
This is not an argument from a fact; this is an argument from a "thesis." There are only two possible answers to the question, "Why are all the animals and plants alive?" These two answers have a common theme: First, there is the common story of an "ancient" creature, which has no relation to the natural world. Second, there is the truth that "the universe" has been created by God and that, therefore, God's existence is possible.
I won't dwell on the false dilemma, but it

Sequence 79:
[SOFT PROMPT]0 Scientists Tell Their Stories: Owen Gingerich
When it came time to go to graduate school, one of Owen Gingerich's science professors told him “If you feel a calling to go to astronomy, you should give it a try, because we shouldn’t let atheists take over capitalists take over.
When it came time to go to graduate school, one of Owen Gingerich's science professors told him “If you feel a calling to go to astronomy, you should give it a try, because we shouldn’t let atheists take over. And that’s exactly what happened when atheists started grabbing the credit for the Discovery Channel, and the ABC, and the National Geographic, and the Smithsonian. And the news media got very upset.
What happened is when you're a Christian, you're in a world that's full of atheists. So it's a double blow.

Sequence 80:
[SOFT PROMPT]This week in origins news: Inflation of a cosmic kind, new theories about the Higgs particle, a lively collection of links from favorite spots in the blogosphere, and a few interactive items for those who enjoy playing as much as they do reading around theSam and Sam and Steve and Steve and Lisa and Lisa and Billy and Billy and Mary and Mary and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and Jemma and

Sequence 81:
[SOFT PROMPT]Blackstone Blog
Blackstone honored at the 2011 inMotion Commitment to Justice Awards
The Blackstone Group received a special honor as the top fundraising team for inMotion’s Story by Story—Climbing to End Domestic Violence! event. A gala ceremony was held 4
BLACKSTONE BLOG - You are our only hope. We must be heard.
We will need all the power we can muster to get out of this mess.
All that is left is to change our vision, our language, our collective voice. We must be the change we wish to see in this world.
What is in your heart, what is in your mind, what is in your heart?
What is your vision for the future?
And what is your promise?
What is your strategy for the present?
The Blackstone Group is a member of the Blackstone Foundation, an

Sequence 82:
[SOFT PROMPT]Power Ranking the NFL's Top 50 Active Offensive Linemen
By Cody Swartz
Rob Carr/Getty Images 16.3K
It’s notoriously difficult to grade offensive linemen, especially considering there are very limited statistics to evaluate their performance. The Pro Bowl v viewgrk
Rating the NFL's Top 50 Active Offensive Linemen
Rating the NFL's Top 50 Active Offensive Linemen
Ranking the NFL's Top 50 Active Offensive Linemen
What are the top 50 offensive linemen in the NFL?
The NFL’s top 50 offensive linemen are college players, with a few examples. This list will be updated as the rankings improve.
As of Monday morning, the list had reached the 30s. It was the first time the list had exceeded 30 since the 2005 NFL season.
From 2004-2008, the list had reached the 70s. Since the

Sequence 83:
[SOFT PROMPT]Top Five Stables Ever in WWE/WCW
By Goutham Babu
Ever since the wrestling industry started, there were great teams constituting various great wrestlers. Many of such stables created world wide attraction and accelerated the profit of wrestling industry.
He use the history of top stables in the history of the wrestling industry, will have an impact on your business in the near future.
Top Five Stables Ever in WWE/WCW
1. WWF World Heavyweight Champion Hulk Hogan (1948-1950)
2. WWF World Heavyweight Champion Randy Savage (1951-1957)
3. WWF World Heavyweight Champion Paul Long (1958-1962)
4. WWF World Heavyweight Champion Gene Tripple (1963-1971)
5. WWF World Heavyweight Champion Randy Savage (1972-1974)
You will get great information and

Sequence 84:
[SOFT PROMPT]Want more real-time Dallas Mavericks news?
What's Next for Dirk Nowitzki After Frustrating 2012-13 NBA Season? By Zach Buckley
Forgive Dirk Nowitzki if he doesn't know how to act right now.It's been a while since he's had to deal with something like this.F aaaaaaaggghhh.yeah, he's had a bad season and it's not over yet.it's not over yet.I don't know, I think it's going to get a lot worse in the coming weeks.He's got a chance to make a lot of money and he's got a chance to make a lot of fans happy. I think we can win in the end.But this is the kind of year where the teams you know are going to lose to the ones you don't.The Oklahoma City Thunder were able to trade Kobe Bryant, LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Paul

Sequence 85:
[SOFT PROMPT]DogecoinObverseReverseDate of introduction8 December 2013; 3 months ago (2013-12-08)User(s)InternationalInflationApproximately 100 billion coins to be mined by end of 2014. Thereafter, 5.2 billion new coins per year.SymbolÐ,[1] Ɖ,[citation needed] DNicknamBeautifully Dressed | Fashion Inspiration
Posted by Adam King on Wednesday, July 17, 2012 at 7:02 pm
How much would it cost to put the perfect wedding dress on a starched white shirt? You'd probably have to order it in small batches and hope that one of the people in the process is the bride.
"I've never had a wedding dress that was a perfect fit. I had to experiment a lot," she said. "I did have one thing that I thought was right. I didn't feel like I looked as good as I thought I should be."
"I've never had

Sequence 86:
[SOFT PROMPT]GraniteIgneous rockGranite containing potassium feldspar, plagioclase feldspar, quartz, and biotite and/or amphiboleCompositionPotassium feldspar, plagioclase feldspar, and quartz; differing amounts of muscovite, biotite, and hornblende-type amphiboles.
Ju into the pluton and granitoid and plutonrock formation
Hypostyle rocks1⁄4''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12'' to 14''12

Sequence 87:
[SOFT PROMPT]Shenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, Ontario, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004–presentSpouse(s)Josh Beech (m. 2013)
Jump to: navigation, searchShenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, OA, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004–presentSpouse(s)Mary Ellen McCarrell (m. 2002)
Shenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, Ontario, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004–presentSpouse(s)Laura Harris (m. 1999)
Shenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, ON, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004–presentSpouse

Sequence 88:
[SOFT PROMPT]Wavenumber
Jump to: navigation, searchIn the physical sciences, the wavenumber is the spatial frequency of a wave. It can be envisaged as the number of waves that exist over a specified distance (analagous to frequency being the number of wave oscillations than a single wave, or a group of waves, it can also be thought of as a number of waves, or waves of frequency. However, this term has a wider range than a single wave, and is more applicable to a group of waves rather than to a single wave. A second, shorter name is the lutherian frequency. That is, it is the number of light-years a wavelength of light is perceived to travel in one year, or the length of a light-year in the Milky Way galaxy. By lutherian frequency, we are not talking about the instantaneous number of waves per second, but

Sequence 89:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts tagged "DealerBlock" Owner's Manual
Find help on how to use the new ADESA.com
We are very excited about the launch of our new website a few weeks ago. While the new ADESA.com is user-friendly and easy to navigate, we understand you might have questio in your home computer or any other device that has a web browser. It is now easier than ever to get help from us, and even get some new game content. We hope you will take a moment to check it out, and if you have any questions, we'll be happy to help. We will be adding more great content to our website soon. If you have any questions or need more information, please contact us.
Recent Additions
The new ADESA.com is now available to our users! We have added an add-on to our site to allow for advanced purchase of the new ADESA.com

Sequence 90:
[SOFT PROMPT]« How to Strengthen an Interfaith Relationship
Autism Awareness Month: How to Support the Cause »
Hear the Voices of Help and Hope
Hear stories of hope — directly from just a few of the people whom Catholic Charities has helped over the past year. This shoOther Homeless Youth on the Streets
Note: This post is part of a series on Homeless Youth on the Streets, which is produced by New Vision Radio and the Boston College Center for Community Change.
Hear the Voices of Help and Hope
August 1, 2011
Founded in 2005, New Vision Radio is a radio station that has brought the homeless out of the shadows. Over the past year, we have been working to find solutions for homeless youth who are not included in the system. Through a partnership with the local Catholic diocese, we are trying to find out if there are resources and services that are

Sequence 91:
[SOFT PROMPT]Online Blogucation
14Sep/110
I had to turn the heater on in my car this morning. The Colorado mornings are getting chilly: in the 40s and 50s. It’s almost like Fall had been hiding behind the Labor Day corner, just waiting to pounce. Despite the cold (and  that is not to say it is not unpleasant to sit in a cold car with no AC, just the temperature is out of whack. I don’t care how cold it is, I don’t care what you call it. There is nothing to it. I don’t care if you believe the AC is not working, I don’t care if you believe the air conditioning is not working. There is nothing to it. I don’t care if you believe the heat is not working, I don’t care if you believe the AC is not working. There is nothing to it. I don’t care

Sequence 92:
[SOFT PROMPT]How do you put your intentions into practice?
posted by Alex Zielinski on March 8, 2013 Filed under: Intentions
Being International Women’s Day, we’d be silly not to highlight a woman who’s working hard to inspire and challenge her gender every day. Althou projectathemorphosis: Alex Zielinski’s Racialism in the Making (ISBN: 9781449231568)
I’m happy to say I’m not the only one who finds her book moving and inspiring. She’s one of the most respected and prolific writers in the history of the book. The best advice I can give is to make sure you’re using her words in your own work, and to follow her lead. This is her book, so it’s her book. I recommend it to anyone who cares about the well-being of marginalized communities.
I was especially

Sequence 93:
[SOFT PROMPT]« Video Interview: Andrew Wait of Ancestry.com |
| The Genealogy Guys Podcast LIVE at 2009 FGS Conference »
Social Security Numbers: a Non-Issue
I have written before about the security of the Social Security Death Index and its use as a very effective too use of the names of the deceased and their Social Security numbers. To me it is very, very important that the SSN information be secure. When people die they no longer have the rights to be named and have to be left alone. So there are a lot of individuals out there who want their Social Security numbers to be protected.
But, even if you don't want your SSN to be protected, you can still use the names of the deceased to contact the Death Index, the Social Security Death Index.
The names are actually very, very important. Because when you name a deceased, you can find out the address,

Sequence 94:
[SOFT PROMPT]Debate? What Debate?
Well, that seems to be the question regarding the debate on "Baptists and Calvinism" scheduled for October 16 in Lynchburg, VA. The events of the last two days have made the prospect of actually having the debate very slim. The moderat practice at the YMCA of Lynchburg.
This is not the first time I've heard this discussion going on, and I'm not one to discount it. However, it seems to me that the logic of this debate can't be expressed in one logical argument, and the logic can't be presented in one logical argument. We need a discussion of the difference between Protestantism and the Catholic church. It seems to me that we are going to have a debate on whether Calvinism or Protestantism is more right about this.
One might conclude that Calvinism is the more "correct" explanation of the doctrine of salvation. However

Sequence 95:
[SOFT PROMPT]A Quote by Patrick Jake "P.J." O'Rourke on animals, children, and purpose
in animals
Humans are the only animals that have children on purpose with the exception of guppies, who like to eat theirs.P.J. O'Rourke (1947 -)Contributed by: Zaady Tweet isn't free, it's a big box of nothing.It's an opportunity for anyone to use the space for whatever they wish, not just the occasional posting.As a writer, I always have a problem with the notion that I can post something without any intention of publishing it. I've posted one long story on this site and that is clearly no different than other people posting.There are certain things I do that I am grateful for, and others I am not.I am not sure why I would say that, but I'm not surprised.What I am surprised about is that when I say "I am grateful for" I

Sequence 96:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sex, Politics, and Global Hip Hop
The hip hop feminism hub at the U! My hip-hop life now By and01626 on December 6, 2012 12:00 PM
Before taking this class, I had a certain appreciate for hip-hop but did not spend much of my time immersed in the music or an the evolution of hip-hop and the increasing participation of women in the genre. Because of my interest in the field, I came to realize the fact that there is no shortage of scholarship on the subject. As a matter of fact, there are a lot of scholars who have been involved in the field.
The following is a list of the scholars who have been involved in the field:
U.S.A.E.I.S.A.O.T.S.N.I.N.S.S.S.I.S.N.I.S.S.I.S.N

Sequence 97:
[SOFT PROMPT]YeungKaiPo
14 passengers were killed in bus crash in NYC
By yeun0040 on March 13, 2011 11:53 PM
On Saturday night, a serious bus crash killed 14 people when the bus was returning to Manhattan's Chinatown after a quick overnight trip to the Mohegan Sun casi–, according to a NYPD statement. It was a direct result of a poorly planned and poorly executed operation, according to the NYPD, and it’s really a shame.
The bus was returning from a two-day trip to Chinatown, where it was supposed to pass through a checkpoint and be towed to a toll plaza, when it hit a bus in the city. The bus was driven by a 46-year-old man, identified as William F. Yu, of Queens. The bus was not towed, and the bus driver was charged with operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
The driver,

Sequence 98:
[SOFT PROMPT]Match.com's Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms
In celebration of the single mother, Match.com has released a list of the Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms on its official blog Up To Date.The list was compiled using Match.com’s unparalleled data on Ame
The Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms in 2019 are listed below:
(Image Courtesy: Match.com)
Match.com's Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms on its official blog Up To Date.The list was compiled using Match.com's unparalleled data on Ame cytosolτεείνα ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~

Sequence 99:
[SOFT PROMPT]Happy 71st birthday to legendary centerman Stan “Stosh” Mikita. Mikita was born in 1940, in the town of Sokolce of the Slovak Republic. Mikita’s birth name was actually Stanislav Guoth, but when Czechoslovakia became a Communist controlled country, Stosh f A History of the Czechoslovakian National Sports Association
The Czechoslovakian National Sports Association (CNSSA) was founded on 1 July 1935 in the Czech town of Sokolce, in the province of Silesia. The association is a member of the International Federation of Sporting Associations. The sports federation, called CZAS, is composed of 18 national sports associations: CZAS-Polish, CZAS-Hungarian, CZAS-Slovak, CZAS-Slovak-Polish, CZAS-Slovak-Hungarian, CZ

Sequence 100:
[SOFT PROMPT]My schedule at the 2009 NAB Show
The convention is about three weeks away, and I’m starting to get full-court press for appointments at the convention. This will be my 21st NAB convention. I have attended every convention since 1989. I know many people hav a and b: a→b=a→b=a→b=a
When we came back from the SEA, we decided to spend the next couple of days in Malibu, but we also decided to spend the night at home. We are excited to have all of the conference guests home for the night, so that we can go back to our rooms and relax. We’ve got some great pictures of the room that were taken the day of the convention. We will be taking pictures and video soon, so stay tuned for that. It’s going to be a very busy convention!
Talking with

Sequence 101:
[SOFT PROMPT]TrueDrive: 2011 Kia Optima Hybrid
Tuesday, 08 November 2011 06:00
Written by Brandy Schaffels
0 Comments	When the first Kia Optima sedan debuted in the United States in 2000, it was nothing more than a rebadged Hyundai Sonata, which didn’t carry much panac years later, the compact sedan came to be known as the “Sonic” and, along with the other Optimas in its lineup, was sold in Europe. However, by the time the Optima first debuted in the US in 2002, it was already on the way to becoming the most popular American-built sedan. It was this same ‘Sonic’ that would become the centerpiece of a slew of Kia vehicles that were introduced in Europe in the years that followed. The Optima would be one of the most influential vehicles of the time, and it would eventually become the basis for the Kia Nexon model line,

Sequence 102:
[SOFT PROMPT]12:40 pm January 10, 2014, by John Kessler what is next for this year?
How do you think we can continue to improve our services and service delivery in order to get better results for our customers and visitors?
I have been writing a lot about this for quite some time now, and I have tried to put it into a practical context for the past few years. This is the story of how we developed our e-migration software for the US Federal government, how we got our "A" certification, and how we are going to expand to other countries and areas.
Our business is built on the foundation of the concept of what is called "customer advocacy". In

Sequence 103:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts Tagged ‘Celebrity birthdays’
Celebrity birthdays Feb. 6: Axl Rose, Natalie Cole, Tom Brokaw, Rip Torn, Robert Townsend, Zsa Zsa Gabor
February 6th, 2010 by accessAtlanta
Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor is 93. Actor Patrick MacNee (”The Avengers”) is 88. Actor The Wiz is 87. Actress Janice Dickinson is 88. Actor James Brown is 87. Actress Betty White is 82. Actor Alvin C. Elmore is 81. Actress Lynda Patrick is 78. Actor Jack W. Finch is 77. Actress Sharon Jones is 77. Actor Lou Grant is 76. Actress Bette Davis is 75. Actor Ray Chapman is 74. Actress Bob Hope is 74. Actor Michael Douglas is 73. Actress Helen Mirren is 72. Actor Richard Chamberlain is 72. Actress Fred Silverman is 71. Actress Shelley Morgan is 70. Actress Jane

Sequence 104:
[SOFT PROMPT]Cyber Cynic
ARMing desktop Linux
By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols
October 12, 2009 1:43 PM EDT
For a brief time in 2008, Linux actually owned a segment of the desktop industry: netbooks. When netbooks first showed up, they ran only Linux. Microsoft panicked an say that Linux has become too advanced for the desktop and is out of touch with the needs of
b
We all know that ARM is not the be-all, end-all for desktop computing, but it’s at least a better fit for the desktop, so it’s not
proposed that ARM has become a key tool for desktop computing.
ARM doesn’t actually work well in the office, but that’s OK because it’s already available to the average consumer, so it can work well on a workstation.
So what’s the big deal?
ARM has been a long-time

Sequence 105:
[SOFT PROMPT]Roger Avary To Direct Bret Easton Ellis' 'Glamorama' In 2012?
by Gabe Toro
October 13, 2011 12:12 PM 6 Comments
The last time Roger Avary directed a film, it was in collaboration with Bret Easton Ellis. Together, the two of them were responsible for the hy his very successful animated comedy "Glamorama."
As Avary explained, Ellis' creation, and the comics themselves, was about the human condition. "It's about being human, which is so powerful and universal. It's about us being people who are born into the world and then, when we're adults, are then placed in this society and all of the changes that come along with that," Avary explained.
"The problem is that all of the sudden, we have the whole 'we are just different' excuse, and we are told to just be happy and we are not to worry about it," Ellis

Sequence 106:
[SOFT PROMPT]She went to prison for her ‘encore career’
December 4, 2013, 12:55 PM ET
By Anne TergesenThis week, Encore.org, a San Francisco-based nonprofit that promotes second careers in the nonprofit sector, is handing out Purpose Prizes, its answer to the MacArthur there are so many possible second careers that if you are reading this, chances are you have already seen one of them. The purpose of this week’s edition is to remind you that there are more second careers out there, and that we all need to get creative in making our own way. We want to see you in one of these second careers, and we’d love to hear from you!
So, here’s the deal: The purpose of this week’s edition is to remind you that there are more second careers out there, and that we all need to get creative in making our own way. The purpose of

Sequence 107:
[SOFT PROMPT]MPR News A fresh eye on the news Anatomy of a news story
7 There was a story floating around this weekend that makes a wonderful exercise in ascertaining the difference between solid newspaper reporting and TV/video news fare. Perhaps the medium really is  of uncertain sources, it's hard to tell. But there was an excellent and quite significant break in news coverage. It was over the weekend, but not before a few big stories. So, let's examine the coverage and compare it with TV coverage. About the Author Jason Brooks On Thursday, May 18, at 8:30 a.m., ABC's This Week with George Stephanopoulos and The Associated Press traveled to Huntington, West Virginia to discuss the national situation. (Read the entire story here) 6
This week's newscast, "CNN Tonight" in New York, begins with a brief news report on the plight of

Sequence 108:
[SOFT PROMPT]MPR News A fresh eye on the news The “D” word
The economic meltdown is bad. Most of us are pretty scared, more than a little angry, and our ears perk up when we hear people throw the “D” word around pretty loosely. Earlier this week, a poll showed that alm the survey of the nation’s top economy was released. And it’s clear that the “D” word is to blame for the new recession.
The poll found that “D” words like “Dow” and “Dow” — and “S&P” and “S&P” — are the two words that seem to have “gone out of fashion.” In addition, the “D” word seems to be coming back into fashion, as evidenced by this poll.
In addition to its new “D” word, “Dow” also became a darling of the “D” world when its stock

Sequence 109:
[SOFT PROMPT]Chat Rooms (9) Hi Guest - Join Us Now!
The Reality of Bisexuality
By Robert Weiss LCSW, CSAT-S
Sex is Not a One-Way Street
I had thought that in writing this long-overdue blog on bisexuality I could offer a straightforward, readily understandable overview  if not a useful and succinct summary. In fact, I've been thinking about this myself, and as a student of psychology and sexology I thought that I could write a blog on the topic in the first person. It's a subject that I've been studying for the past several years, and I think I've learned a lot in that time. As I reflect on this blog I can't help but think about my own history as a sexual deviant.
I am a polyamorous, two-spirit person who has been bisexual since I was a young man. My bisexuality started when I was about 18

Sequence 110:
[SOFT PROMPT]Eleven Give Million-Dollar Donations to Super PACs
By Kent Cooper	Posted at 9:23 a.m. on Jan. 29
Eleven associations, unions and individuals have already given more than $1 million each to Super PACs in 2013, with more to be reported this week.
Super PACs  and over time, as campaign finance laws become more restrictive, have the ability to spend unlimited sums of money in exchange for backing candidates and ballot measures.
That is the case in Florida, where the state’s campaign finance laws went into effect on Dec. 1.
It is the first time in the country that the state has adopted a new law that requires the expenditure of money in exchange for a candidate’s support.
That means Super PACs can spend unlimited sums of money to back candidates, and any campaign money spent by them must be used to support the candidate.
In Florida, the spending limit is $250,

Sequence 111:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sen. Harry Reid’s Fundraiser Gets 2 Years in Prison
By Kent Cooper	Posted at 2:23 p.m. on Oct. 2, 2013
A Nevada lawyer and lobbyist who was a fundraiser for the 2010 re-election campaign of Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev., has been sentenced to two years in prisons.
Thomas Melton, an attorney and lobbyist who represented Reid at the time, was arrested in April and charged with multiple counts of first-degree securities fraud and wire fraud.
A judge sentenced Melton to two years of supervised probation, three years of community service and $2,800 in restitution.
Melton is scheduled to be released in May, according to the Nevada Attorney General’s Office.
[email protected]
Kent Cooper / South Florida Today
Sen. Harry Reid’s Fundraiser Gets 2 Years in Prisons.
by Kent Cooper
Posted at 2:23 p.m.

Sequence 112:
[SOFT PROMPT]| | Voices Home
Gordon Brown hails education as the best anti-poverty program
Submitted by Kavita Watsa	On Mon, 09/20/2010 Tweet WidgetGoogle Plus OneLinkedin Share Button1 Comment
This morning, 69 million children would not have gone to school around the  been given a voice in their future. The UK has the most vulnerable children in the world, with those in Wales and Scotland also in the top five, but only the youngest of the three countries in the top 10 have access to free schools.
The big issue for parents, and for the child welfare system in general, is that in some parts of the UK, children are still being denied the right to attend free schools.
And in a country where there are 2,000 different children’s services, I have heard a child say, “I don’t want to go to a school that doesn’t have free lunch

Sequence 113:
[SOFT PROMPT]Email	Hard boiled crime stories, old and new, in classic packaging
Cory Doctorow at 5:14 am Mon, Sep 6, 2004 — FEATURED —
Kindle Hard Case Crime is a new paperback imprint that's reprinting old pulp crime novels and commissioning new novels in the style of too bad it's not coming out soon
Johnny Wilson (1982-1995) at 7:42 am Mon, Sep 6, 2004 — FEATURED —
Kindle Hard Case Crime is a new paperback imprint that's reprinting old pulp crime novels and commissioning new novels in the style of___________.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.______.____

Sequence 114:
[SOFT PROMPT]This page contains a single entry from the blog posted on August 1, 2010 8:04 PM.
The previous post in this blog was The world according to a couch potato.
The next post in this blog is Ups and downs.
« The world according to a couch potato |
| Ups and dow today!!
This is the first entry from the blog that I have contributed to since it began.
The last entry from the blog is the following:
"You know that it is possible to say the most awesome things to yourself and to those around you. And, even more so, that you can do it in the midst of your own daily routine." -Mark Twain
The world according to a couch potato
The world according to a couch potato
The world according to a couch potato
This is the first entry from the blog that I have contributed to since it began.
The last entry from the blog is the

Sequence 115:
[SOFT PROMPT]Jessica Alba’s Swimming Pool in Bollywood Debut
By Andrew Stephenson	Posted on June 9th, 2009 in Movies, News
Jessica Alba’s swimming pool makes its Bollywood movie debut in Sajid Nadiadwala’s Kambakht Ishq which stars Akshay Kumar, Kareena Kapoor and Amri variously. The film has also set a new record for fastest release in India with an average release time of more than 12 hours.
The film, which is directed by Nadiadwala, has already been in post release marketing in India with a release date of June 10, 2009. The movie was released on June 4, 2009 in Kollywood.
The film’s star, Jessica Alba, will be seen in KAMU BAGAL, a Bollywood comedy film which stars Kareena Kapoor, Ajay Devgn and Shilpa Shetty.
The film has been a big hit in

Sequence 116:
[SOFT PROMPT]Anushka Sharma still nervous around Shah Rukh Khan
By Priyanka Ramesh Kumar	Posted on November 18th, 2012 in Movies, News, Stars
It’s been 4 years since Anushka Sharma appeared on the big screen and entered Bollywood staring opposite one of the most populaDisappointment and disbelief have been rampant in her face, leaving a lingering impression on people who watched her in Bollywood. Her role in the movie that made her famous in the States in the first place has left an indelible mark on her, and it’s been quite a ride. In an interview with Zee News, Sharma talks about her journey, how the film was made, her relationship with Bollywood, her acting and more.
What’s the big story of your movie?
Anushka Sharma: My movie was directed by Satyajit Ray and was produced by Shashik

Sequence 117:
[SOFT PROMPT]It appears that you've exceeded the maximum number of posts you can view, but wait, there's a simple solution. To unlock the forum and continue viewing messages, all you need to do is sign up for a free account. The entire process takes just a few minutes (it takes just a few minutes)


The games have also been released on DVD.
The games have been published by the developer Level Up Studios.
Lv1 - Gold
Lv2 - Gold
Lv3 - Gold
Lv4 - Gold
Lv5 - Gold
Lv6 - Gold
Lv7 - Gold
Lv8 - Gold
Lv9 - Gold
Lv10 - Gold
Lv11 - Gold
Lv12 - Gold
Lv13 - Gold
Lv14 - Gold
Lv15 - Gold
Lv16 - Gold


Sequence 118:
[SOFT PROMPT]Game 159: Yankees at Blue Jays
Nick Swisher called this “a must win game” for the Yankees, and after yesterday’s deflating 3-2 loss to the Blue Jays, it has to be.
At this point, they all are must-win games for the Bombers, who enter today tied once again  federal league
In other news, there is a special look at an interview with Alex Rodriguez, as he discusses his future in the big leagues.
In the first of three segments, the reporter introduces himself and his topic of discussion.
What’s it about?
What is it about?
What do you mean by that?
When was it done?
What is it like?
Do you think I should get one more year out of it?
Do you think I should be a scout?
What are you asking me?
Is it about you?
I mean, you know, it’s just

Sequence 119:
[SOFT PROMPT]Lying Awake
Mark Salzman
Best bets for book clubs
BookPage® Column by Julie Hale
This month's new paperback releases include several excellent titles in fiction and nonfiction. We recommend the following selections as good choices for reading groups.Honky that certainly won't be on any of the books listed.
"The Midnight Bird" by Anne Rice
"The Enchanted Kingdom" by Stephen King
"Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" by J. K. Rowling
"When Harry Met Sally" by Agatha Christie
"The Secret of the Crystal Skull" by Suzanne Collins
"Slytherin" by C. S. Lewis
"The Princess Bride" by Steven Spielberg
"Maggie's Farm" by Stephen King
"The Windup Girl" by Mary Reilly
"The

Sequence 120:
[SOFT PROMPT]On The Down Low: Is Real Housewives Of Atlanta’s Porsha Stewart A Beard For Her Suspect NFL Baller Hubby??
Categories: For Discussion, For Your Information, Gay, News, Reality TV, Shady, SMH, Suspect, The Side-eye, True or False?, What the Hell???, You CanV.I.P. - 100 Things to Do with Your BBQ Beef and Lobster
Categories: For Discussion, For Your Information, Gay, News, Reality TV, Shady, SMH, Suspect, The Side-eye, True or False?, What the Hell???, You Can((( I'm just using it as an example to point out the great stuff. This post is not intended to replace or dilute the advice of a doctor, a licensed professional, or any other professional or medical expert. Please seek your own advice. )))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))

Sequence 121:
[SOFT PROMPT]Barcelona's Lionel Messi to sit out Zaragoza trip
5d25d82ff1704a3c80ff4111c309fd81.jpg
Barcelona's Lionel Messi, from Argentina, smiles during the Champions League quarterfinal second leg soccer match between FC Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain FC at the Editors' note: This is the first in a series of essays that we will be publishing about how digital media has played an important role in globalization, the rise of capitalism, and the rapid development of social movements. The essays in this volume have been written by three leading scholars of the new media and society: Mary Helen Scott, Editors; Adrienne Elko, Communications and Social Policy Research; and James Williams, Sociology of the Digital. They include articles on the new media as an arena of social change, the relationship between social movements and new media, the relationship between new media and social movements, and the role

Sequence 122:
[SOFT PROMPT]Whatever seems important at the time.
Opportunity and hindrance
I married my music teacher. While that has brought me many musical opportunities, it also keeps me from practicing as much as I might like. I hate to make student noises when she's trying to rCorrection
This is a correction of my previous post.
I have a friend who's mother was very poor and died in a train wreck. I went to her funeral and her daughter came to the funeral. When I was on the train to pick her up, my friend and I got off the train and she and her daughter went into the city.
When we got to the city, my friend asked me if I would buy a bus ticket to meet her. I told her that I had no money and that I'd just like to meet her and her daughter. She said that she could get a bus ticket for a

Sequence 123:
[SOFT PROMPT]Brian D. Buckley
crude inky blab
HomeAboutContactMy BooksNSA Domestic Surveillance
The Adventures of Links
Posted on Friday, April 29, 2011 - 6:27 am | Leave a comment
Greetings, loved ones. LET’S TAKE A JOURNEY.
First up in links this week, we’ve got The , for you. How’s that?
Hey, we’re finally on the hunt for the White House wiretapping hotspot in
Central Park. Just like you thought we’d be doing.
The SITE OF A WIRETAPING SCAM
The same government that is setting up a wiretapping program
to monitor Americans’ communications.
http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/2182094/posts
Lots of people have accused the government of wiretapping them and monitoring
their communications. They say that it’s unconstitutional, they say

Sequence 124:
[SOFT PROMPT]mine's on the 45
to find our way home, to break in these bones*
Having grown weary of a seemingly endless string of flights for the past two weeks, I opted to drive from Northern California to Southern California (and back) this week. It was illogical, rea The weather was particularly unsettled and foggy on the way here, and the highway's tarmac was wet and slippery. I was driving at a brisk walk, and the rain was already pelting down. And the road was basically a maze, with numerous cul-de-sacs and signs for directions.
Just like at home, the drive took about five hours. I was thinking about my commute this time, but there was no room to look around and discover any clues to where I might be headed. I also had to deal with all the animals I'd come across, the wind and rain, and a mere 3 miles

Sequence 125:
[SOFT PROMPT]Orioles Draft updates
The Orioles have agreed to terms with 23 of their 49 selections in the 2010 First Year Player Draft. Here’s the list with the round the player was selected in: Riley Hornback (12), Jeremy Nowak (13),Michael Mosby (14), Joseph Oliveira manorhandler.com and walshplayers.com.more...
____________________________________________________________
August 27, 2009 - October 4, 2009 - Fall 2009 Baseball
Out of over 40 selections, the Orioles made just five players in the Rookie-level Draft.The Orioles chose not to use the Rookie-level Draft in 2009 and instead drafted 21 players, out of a total of 50.The 20 players selected were selected from the 1st through 20th rounds. They were selected with the intention of seeing who could make it in the Major Leagues, and only 25 players made it to the big leagues

Sequence 126:
[SOFT PROMPT]« AND THE PREMISE OF HIS CAMPAIGN IS THAT HE'S A SMART BUSINESSMAN?: |
| AND THEY WONDER WHY WE'RE WINNING?: »
SURE, IT WOULD BE MORE HONEST...:
Jeter captains Turn 2 Foundation event (Doug Miller, 1/31/08, MLB.com)
...but you can hardly expect him to call and write his team's anthem at his next meeting.
Mark Stein, USA TODAY Sports | The Star-Ledger
Even for the Giants, it would be a good start. But after Wednesday's third-inning loss, they should have to consider a number of issues that could lead to his dismissal.
In the first half, Jeter was one of the league's more productive hitters, but it's hard to see the Giants using him as a platoon guy in the second. With their bats behind the ball, it makes sense for the Giants to use him more as a starter, where he can get his

Sequence 127:
[SOFT PROMPT]November 19, 2012	Notes from the road: Kansas City, MO	Tweet
As the lights came up on the stage of the Sprint Center in Kansas City, Bruce greeted the crowd by saying that “when you come to Kansas City, you can’t resist playing this song – so we’ll play it of sweetness and power, the warm and fuzzy welcome of home. The one-man show from Jason Isbell and The Bridges. A long time coming, but a big step in the right direction. A blast from the past. A chance for those of us who’ve made the journey to see this in Kansas City to return. And a good way to begin the day with a new song from that place.
This song is from my album: I’ve Got My Own Problems. A track I wrote when I was 19 years old. I wrote it because I had a hard time with my first girlfriend. She had

Sequence 128:
[SOFT PROMPT]@nes-native-english-services
active 2 days, 19 hours ago
NES – Native English Services started the forum topic Ok…first things first…Why the heck is it that I can't…. in the group How-To and Troubleshooting 2 years, 6 months ago
“Zoom-in” on the buddypress Christos Zakiya – one of the leaders of NES.NET – talks about how NES.NET started its forum and how it worked. The web site was launched in December of 2009. You can read his post at NES.NET. (Its really neat.)
1st thing: The beginning. I was first on the forum when it was announced and I remember how the first idea for NES.NET was that it would be a dedicated website for information about the Nintendo Entertainment System. A wiki and a site where people could exchange information. This didn’t work out and the forum was split into 2 separate

Sequence 129:
[SOFT PROMPT]WTF? Author Edits Lincoln
I enjoy Thomas Lowry’s books. I think of them as the People magazine of Civil War literature, and not in a bad way. You can read the books in short bursts, putting them down for a while and returning to them later without losing t real slow and repetitive. I also like his tone, but he is too intelligent to try to rewrite history, or to try to write in a historical setting.
I enjoy his characterization of characters. But he also has too many inconsistencies, which is more problematic. For example, he shows two sets of hands, one set of two, but there is also a third hand, and they are both hands. He says they were on different lines, but then there is no information to show that. He also has to rely on eye contact to convey the situation, and that sometimes he is not even able to tell who is looking at him

Sequence 130:
[SOFT PROMPT]in Paramus, NJ 07652 three-year master's degree in science in engineering from the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis.
All information contained herein is copyright The New School University. It may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, displayed or displayed in any form without the prior written consent of New School University. The content of the journal is solely the responsibility of the author(s) and does not necessarily represent the official position or views of The New School University.
The New School University is the world's leading interdisciplinary university, committed to teaching and learning. The School of Arts and Sciences is a vibrant center of excellence that fosters critical thinking and encourages

Sequence 131:
[SOFT PROMPT]Winnebago recognized as top motor home manufacturer
Thursday, February 14, 2013 11:10 AM
Winnebago Industries Inc., of Forest City, has been recognized by Statistical
Surveys Inc. as the top performing motor home manufacturer in the country in
2012. In the USATecure spokesman

Posting
Wed, 28 Feb 2013 16:52:26
Fri, 26 Feb 2013 12:02:21
Fri, 26 Feb 2013 11:53:53
Fri, 26 Feb 2013 12:01:33
Fri, 26 Feb 2013 11:52:21
Fri, 26 Feb 2013 11:52:21
Fri, 26 Feb 2013 11:52:21
Fri, 26 Feb 2013 11:52:21
Fri, 26 Feb 2013 11:52:21
Fri, 26 Feb 2013 11:52:21
Fri, 26 Feb 2013 11:52

Sequence 132:
[SOFT PROMPT]CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator Presents at SAALT Conference About |
Activist Corner >> Today is Wednesday, April 16, 2014 CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator Presents at SAALT Conference March 18, 2007 CAIR-Chicago Government Relat followed CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator John F. Alexander, President of CAIR-Chicago in the opening remarks before the SAALT conference on "The Crisis in the Middle East: The Security Concerns of the United States," in San Antonio, Texas, April 16, 2007 CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator John F. Alexander, President of CAIR-Chicago in the opening remarks before the SAALT conference on "The Crisis in the Middle East: The Security Concerns of the United States," in San Antonio, Texas, April 16, 2007 CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator John F. Alexander,

Sequence 133:
[SOFT PROMPT]California Appellate Report
Thoughts on recent Ninth Circuit and California appellate cases from Professor Shaun Martin at the University of San Diego School of Law.
People v. Cordell (Cal. Ct. App. - June 1, 2011)
It's June. And here's another guy who's n who's been denied his constitutional rights for decades. The Court of Appeals says he should have been permitted to testify. He is. He was. He was permitted to take the stand. He was. He was permitted to answer questions. He was. But his rights were not, and so he was not, and so he was not, allowed to testify. This guy is a narcissist.
We'll get back to him, but he's probably wondering why he wasn't allowed to testify. And it's not that he's just not a good person. It's that he's a narcissist. It's a narcissist who

Sequence 134:
[SOFT PROMPT]March 7/09 9:24 am - Tour de PEI Returns for 2009Posted by Editor on 03/7/09 The Tour de PEI organizing committee is gearing up for the return of world-class cycling across Prince Edward Island.Tour de PEI, presented by Scotiabank, showcases Prince Edward  the two-day, 3,000-mile bike tour from Halifax to Halifax, Nova Scotia and back. The tour, which runs through the four seasons, was =============== =============
Wednesday, March 5, 2009 – St. Michael’s School, Halifax, Nova Scotia
Tuesday, March 4, 2009 – Drummond University, Halifax, Nova Scotia
Friday, March 8, 2009 – Saint Joseph’s University, Halifax, Nova Scotia
Sunday, March 10, 2009 – Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island
All of the stops on the tour will be free, with a small charge for

Sequence 135:
[SOFT PROMPT]The blog that used to be here is now at http://www.taylormarshall.com/2008/08/is-christ-savior-of-his-mother-mary_09.html. the words and sentences that will be on the day that will be dedicated to God’s mother. Since I was young, my first memory was of watching the day in which Mary’s feast took place on Christmas morning, and I can still recall that feeling of wonderment and joy. It was the best time of my life, and one of the happiest days of my life. I hope that you enjoy the Christmas story that I wrote about this year, and also the video that will be posted on the Web site, where you can read and hear about Mary’s story. Here are some words and sentences that will be posted

Sequence 136:
[SOFT PROMPT]Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN)
+ Watch REGN
The Company is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, and intends to commercialize pharmaceutical products for the treatment of serious medical conditions.
pchop123
Submitted: 4/9/20 freeQuote:
"We're really proud of our team. We believe that our product is going to be the best. We believe that it will be the best, and we'll do everything we can to keep that promise."
-Teddy Bunker
You can read more about the role of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals in helping the Company win the upcoming trial for Biogenesis of Sanity (BOS) by clicking here.
REGN Advisors LLC - R&D and Marketing
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN)
REGN Advisors LLC
regener

Sequence 137:
[SOFT PROMPT]Christian Apologetics and Research Ministry Gardening by Matt SlickSome people might not think that parenting is a part of apologetics. But, it is. Christian parents have a great deal of influence in what their children think about the Lord. After all, isn Blog: About the Catholic Apologetics Ministry Christian Apologetics and Research Ministry Gardening by Matt Slickhttp://www.ccm.org/community/blogs/christian-apologetics-ministry-christian-apologetics-research-ministry-gardening-by-matt-slick
You are a pretty cool guy. This video was made to get some of you to participate in the 2014 APM ministry in the Vatican. In it, we explain the scope of what is Christian Apologetics and what we are trying to do. We cover the core of what is called apologetics

Sequence 138:
[SOFT PROMPT]You Are Here: home / Events on March 2, 2013
Books and Brew Book Club Saturday, March 2, 2013
10:30 AM - 11:30 AM Directions to this location: Woods Run More info... Teen Book Club: Looking for Alaska Saturday, March 2, 2013
Discussions happen the first SaStroll Through and Discover Seattle at Pacific ParcwayLearn more about the Pacific Parcway
For the first time, the Seattle Parks and Recreation Department is offering an educational program for teens. Called “Thinking Outside the Box,” the program will give teens in grades 6-12 the opportunity to write and read a book. It will take place on Saturday, March 2, from 10 a.m. to noon at the Southeast Recreation Center on the corner of Second Avenue and Central Avenue.
The program will take place from 10 a.m. to noon. To register, call 206-523-5052 or visit

Sequence 139:
[SOFT PROMPT]UNITED STATES v. BRYAN, 339 U.S. 323 (1950)
UNITED STATES v. BRYAN.
CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CIRCUIT. No. 99. Argued December 15, 1949.
Decided May 8, 1950.
Respondent was the executive secretary and had’s authority to select the people who were to be designated as Assistant Secretaries. Respondent’s authority was broader.
Petitioner, Bryan, was a senior executive secretary of the United States, at the time he received the order from the Attorney General authorizing him to designate an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury as Assistant Secretary of State. The order was, therefore, properly considered by the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia, and the case was there remanded for further proceedings.
Bryan v. United States, 339 U.S. 323.
Petitioner’s contentions are based on the theory that his appointment as Assistant Secretary

Sequence 140:
[SOFT PROMPT]~ Friday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 10:1-12Thursday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:41-50Wednesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:38-40Tuesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:30-37Monday of the Seventh Week i.1.4.2.1 As a child of the Messiah, I witnessed many trials, but nothing was more
Be it known unto you, O children of Israel, that the anointing which ye received from the LORD your God was upon you in all your generations, even from the time of Abraham your father to this day.2.6.1 It was upon my father Isaac that the anointing was upon me. 3.6.2 Now these are the generations which the anointing was upon.3.6.3 Abraham was a righteous man; therefore the anointing was upon him.