Sequence 0:
[SOFT PROMPT]The quick brown fox jumps on
5.9% onetwentyonepusetersoregon.edu/
18.6% onetwentyonepusetersoregon.edu/
18.6% onetwentyonepusetersoregon.edu/
9.7% onetwentyonepusetersoregon.edu/
9.7% onetwentyonepusetersoregon.edu/
8.5% onetwentyonepusetersoregon.edu/
8.5% onetwentyonepusetersoregon.edu/


Sequence 1:
[SOFT PROMPT]The creature, low and squat, peered aside me; ->a a i a i o a i a a i o a i o a i o a a i o a i o a a i o a i o a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i o a a i

Sequence 2:
[SOFT PROMPT]Meow! Hiss! The real problem facing Novosibirsk in the wake of The Great Cat-astrophe of 1846 which left it in the hands of a man who neither had the business sense nor the ambition to take on the problems of a post-revolutionary Russia, was the fact that the Russian State was not only very weak, but was in the process of falling into complete disrepair. But, as if that were not enough, the story goes that on one of the occasions when it rained, the roads and railways collapsed. The problem was that the British in the Far East were running out of provisions. They needed to go to the North and find a source of supplies. The British in the Far East were in a poor

Sequence 3:
[SOFT PROMPT]Curiously, AI capabilities have not improved much since the what happened?
This seems to be a good idea to ensure you are not exposing the same results to more than one person.
Thanks for this advice.
Wade
How do you determine the number of people you expose to? I'm thinking of something like a specific word frequency analysis.
Any suggestions?
How do you make sure your PSSAI isn't a security hole?
P.S. This article is almost entirely new, and I've never even heard of the Google Wave.
I think you might be looking for a certain query, though.
I'll take a look.
You don't

Sequence 4:
[SOFT PROMPT]I tried to get him to give me a cup of water but he just kept saying ', - Stupid G'ave me a headache, gave me a headache, gave me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me a headache, give me

Sequence 5:
[SOFT PROMPT]Densely informative loss functions have an advantage in optimization landscapes that, | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |

Sequence 6:
[SOFT PROMPT]'Not a fan of that at all,' he said. 'I prefer cayenne pepper in my cereal.', Paul thought, laughing at his own joke. 'I just want to take a quick trip to my favorite, that is to say, my home country. The Philippines. How about that?' The Hatter made a face, 'I think you've been more successful than you realize. I'm glad you found me. My father was a great man. I have a brother in the US Army. I have been studying for my exams and I will be done in a month. I just had to meet you.'
Tentacle Men
The Hatter is getting very close to his American friend. 'Let's go get some

Sequence 7:
[SOFT PROMPT]Want to hear one weird trick to say a bunch of reasons you want to learn a new language. Follow these easy steps to get started. All these steps can be done in an hour or less.
I learned to read and write in four days. As a kid, I didn’t know a word, but after reading a book, I realized that I had a dictionary in my hands. I learned to write the alphabet, digits, and basic punctuation, then I got to learn the difference between spaces and commas. I learned to count. I learned to write and read and listen to music, and it’s only gotten better. I learned to do

Sequence 8:
[SOFT PROMPT]THE TEN BIGGEST REASONS WHY YOU STILL CAN'T by continuing...
1496.T: I can't believe how you have worked this long to make a website, even though you already have a ton of experience with coding. I've been doing this for about a year and I've been looking for a reason to stop doing it.
1497.T: Why would I be doing it? I love it!
1498.T: Do you know what you're doing? I can't believe you're still in this state!
1499.T: You are right. I am still in this state.
1500.T: I'm sure you are.

Sequence 9:
[SOFT PROMPT]I'm... darkly amused, maybe, but mostly sickened. My most-viewed video on youtube was about *1*-- the "first sighting" of the Iceman. In all the years since then, this sighting has gotten more and more bizarre. In the last few days, the Iceman has been spotted in Moscow, Ukraine, and now Switzerland.
http://youtu.be/2xmAw-i4gF8
Yesterday, the guy in the video posted about this sighting on his Facebook page. He got a lot of likes. I hope to see the next video soon.
As a news anchor in Hong Kong, I've got a lot of experience interviewing about local politics and business,

Sequence 10:
[SOFT PROMPT]If you look at the math, most babies spend at least 6 months in orbit around Earth before look at their numbers. For every two months that the baby is there, we add one.
Each month, the baby spends some time in orbit. We add one to the number of months that it is in orbit, and then divide that by 2. Let's call this new number: the total number of months that the baby is in orbit. We don't have a clear way to tell if the baby is actually in orbit, so we'll just say that the baby is in orbit at this time.
If you add up the months that the baby is in orbit, then you will get the total number of months the baby

Sequence 11:
[SOFT PROMPT]INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE FOR DOG SHAPED COOKIES: Paper submission you'll find a variety of presentations on the history of the cookie, with no set agenda, just a list of talks to read, then browse through to find the ones you're interested in. All the presentations are available as both video and audio files, and in full.
Contributors:Michael Hansen, UNICEF Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, Brussels, Belgium; Nicolas Hage, UNICEF, Brussels, Belgium; Peter Heller, UNICEF, New York, USA; Marcel Hahn, UNICEF, New York, USA; Julia Schnebeler, UNICEF, Geneva

Sequence 12:
[SOFT PROMPT]New reports indicate that no one likes webdev. 'It's just so', said one developer, '"
 higuun_BSS: Correctness
 hag: 0.2
 hou: 0.4
 hopoyu: 0.6
 hanyue: 0.8
 ddu_BSS: Correctness
 dbohun: 0.8
 kai: 0.9
 dyudu: 0.9
 ddu_BSS: 0.9
 tzu: 0.9
 mhun: 0.9
 aanyun: 0.9
 chou: 0.9
 xuan: 0.9
 zhuan: 0.9

Sequence 13:
[SOFT PROMPT]ABOUT AWB
KIDS ARE KIDS
JOIN THE CAST
<< Back to AWB News
Christine Rouse is honored on the “Today Show”
The executive director of Acting Without Boundaries (AWB), Christine Rouse, was featured on the NBC Today Show with “Kathie Lee and Hoda” on March 1, 2From the title of this post, it appears that I may be accused of a false advertising violation.

The following is an excerpt from the opening sentence of the post.

To this day, I am so proud of our volunteer Board of Directors. We are not only a Board of Directors, we are a Board of Directors of The Elks Club.

We are a Board of Directors of the America West Foundation. We are a Board of Directors of the American Association of University Women. We are a Board of Directors of the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention. We are a Board of Directors of The Elks Club.

Sequence 14:
[SOFT PROMPT]Read More	Music News
Taylor Swift Promises Reinvention & Collaborations On Next Album
View Comments	(Courtesy Big Machine Records)
new music, red, sweeter than fiction, Taylor Swift
Following the success of her last album, Red, Taylor Swift says she’ll be  meet and greet:
Taylor Swift: My music, I am truly sorry. I will never stop loving you, and I’m so grateful for you and for the opportunity to work with you and for this new project. I want to thank you for all of your support and love. It’s been a while since I’ve seen my fans and fans, and I am so happy to see them so excited for this album. My heart is full, and I am beyond excited for what’s to come. I hope you enjoy my new music, and I hope it makes you smile. Thank you for listening. I love

Sequence 15:
[SOFT PROMPT]for reference. The original video has been deleted and is no longer available. Manuel returns to practiceORCHARD PARK, N.Y. Buffalo Bills quarterback EJ Manuel returned to practice Sunday after missing two weeks because of a left knee injury.Manuel particiHe's certainly a smart guy. But you'd never know that by looking at him. The NFL player was recently named the team's NFL MVP and was rewarded with a new $4.2 million signing bonus. How does he do it? He uses the sports he loves as a platform for his views.
Not only that, but he's able to stay active and keep his mind on football. He is a man of action and has a great personality. You can see that in his Facebook page. He has a wonderful profile and a beautiful girlfriend, but he's also an active person. He has the chance to have a great

Sequence 16:
[SOFT PROMPT]Ciara, VH1 Divas 2012, VH1 DIVAS, Ciara, VH1 DIVAS Photos, Tune In Live Sunday Dec. 16 9/8c at VH1
0 Comments	Vh1 Divas 2012: Ciara Performs Michael Jackson Tribute
Ciara danced to Michael Jackon’s “Billie Jean” during Vh1 Divas. She earned cheers from the 13,000 crowd at the MGM Grand Las Vegas and returned the favor when she went back on the road with Kelly Clarkson, Lil’ Kim and Blake Shelton. “We’re all the same,” Ciara told The Boot on Friday. “We’re all different, but we’re all the same.” As for how she feels about Michael’s death, she said, “I’m devastated. I’m sorry for everybody who lost somebody that I love.” “I’m not really the one that I’m supposed to be,” she said. “I’m not the singer, I

Sequence 17:
[SOFT PROMPT]4 Mind 4 Life: Mental Health Tips
Mental Health Tips
Brain Fog Causes and Cloudy Thinking
Created by Drew | : New Brain Information You should know that brain fog is very common to experience for people of all ages. Brain fog can happen to anyone, young or we should mention that it is not a question about any particular product, it is just a question to describe the potential causes of brain fog. If you are not sure whether your brain fog is caused by a particular product or not, it is better to get help from your doctor. If you want to know more about brain fog and its causes, you can read this post.
Brain Fog Causes and Cloudy Thinking
By : : Hi I'm Kim, the creator of brain fog awareness. I created this page to give you an overview of brain fog and its causes. So, what is brain fog? Brain fog is

Sequence 18:
[SOFT PROMPT]hide Positive outlook in heart disease tied to fewer deaths
Friday, September 20, 2013 9:20 a.m. EDT
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - People with heart disease who are more upbeat and excited tend to live longer than those who don't have such a positive outlook 100.0% 50.0%
In fact, you’re in the clear if you’re positive, because it’s much easier to stay positive than to get negative. You’re more likely to get better health if you’re positive. You’re more likely to live longer if you’re positive. I’m sure you can imagine how you’d feel if you were on the other side of the equation, if you were pessimistic and you were sick and you had no chance of getting better. But the vast majority of people who are positive tend to get better and live longer. For example,

Sequence 19:
[SOFT PROMPT]hide U.S. rethinking lowest-priced contract rule for guarding embassies
Friday, March 22, 2013 1:08 a.m. EDT
By Susan Cornwell
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lawmakers are reconsidering a 1990 law that makes the State Department accept the lowest bids for contract youTube/YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube®YouTube

Sequence 20:
[SOFT PROMPT]Beth Israel Medical Center, NY
Ricardo Cruciani, M.D., Ph.D., Department of Pain Medicine and Palliative Care, Beth Israel Medical Center Hi, my name is Ricardo Cruciani, I'm an M.D. and Ph.D., a pain specialist and I'm the Vice Chairman and Director of th for the Department of Pain Medicine and Palliative Care. I was just back from Boston where I had the opportunity to talk to patients and family members of people who were dying and the intensity of pain in these people is enormous. I met many families who were very traumatized by the death of a loved one. They were devastated and they had very little knowledge about the options that were available to them. I believe that if there is a lack of knowledge about pain management, then there is a lack of respect for the family and the loss that occurs when a loved one dies. The pain of this loss can be incredibly overwhelming for a family

Sequence 21:
[SOFT PROMPT]How to Conquer Recession Depression
Oct. 7, 2008 By KATE BARRETT Listen in at a coffee shop, stop a stranger on the street or strike up a conversation at the bus stop and you'll likely hear a story like Marie Moore's.
Struggling to pay her bills and concer more >>
Moral of the story: Don't get yourself in a financial bind. To avoid a disaster, you need to know what's happening in the economy. In the first of a two-part series, business reporter Marie Moore takes you inside the inner workings of the national economy to learn what it takes to survive a recession.
KATE BARRETT To get a handle on the news you need to know what's happening in the economy.
In the first of a two-part series, business reporter Marie Moore takes you inside the inner workings of the national economy to learn what it takes to survive a recession

Sequence 22:
[SOFT PROMPT]Live	PHOTOS: Tattoos in the military
Tale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body Ink
David, who asked that is face not be shown because he is with Special Operations, has his left arm almost entirely covered in tattoos. The designs include rays of light, angels an current health care to stay on top of the latest in the body of the body in the field of tattooing military. The military tattoos are in the style of the military tattoo not as a way to draw attention to the military tattoo with a particular organization. Tattoos on the body, however, are not new. A general trend has been for military tattoos on the body, particularly on the body of soldiers, in particular of soldiers in the military. However, these are not as common as they are in civilian life.
U.S. Military Tattoos in the Age of Obama
Body Ink Tattoos
Military tat

Sequence 23:
[SOFT PROMPT]Protests in Turkey
Chaos in Istanbul
Erdem Gunduz stands in a silent protest at Taksim Square in Istanbul, June 18, 2013. Gunduz staged an eight-hour silent vigil in Taksim Square, scene of violent clashes between police and anti-government protesters in r,
Robyn Beck
The dispute over Istanbul’s new metro line was over whether it would include a hotel. But there was also anger over a high-profile political protest in Ankara last week, when police used tear gas and fired rubber bullets to disperse thousands of protesters. “This is a turning point,” said Ercan Gizler, a 25-year-old protester who attended the rally. “If there’s a turning point, it’s this.”
A recent poll conducted by the Turkish broadcaster CNN Türk found that 82 percent of respondents thought the government was not doing enough to

Sequence 24:
[SOFT PROMPT]Live	Home> International
Reporter's Notebook: One Face From Tahrir Square, Cairo
CAIRO, Feb. 3, 2011
By DAVID MUIR
David Muir More from David »
Weekend Anchor, "World News" Follow @DavidMuir
Sherief Gaberf shows his injuries after being struck in the face  EMBARQ,
Reuters
An Egyptian doctor and a member of the Arab League said Saturday that more than half a dozen protesters had been killed and at least three others wounded when the police used tear gas and live ammunition to disperse a sit-in in Cairo.
The death toll could rise as authorities allow the mass protests against a crackdown by the military on demonstrators to continue.
Gaberf, a reporter with the BBC's Arab service, said police had used live ammunition against demonstrators, including people with chadar, a homemade gas mask. He said he saw a man with a child, a woman

Sequence 25:
[SOFT PROMPT]Abiding Word Ev. Lutheran Church
Proclaiming God's Word in Bowling Green, Ohio.
HomePastor Luke UlrichSermonsWhere We Are…
Looking for a place to Abide in His Word? Join Us on Sundays: 9:00 am Sunday School; 10:00 am Divine Service
John 8:31-32 Jesus said:'s. What you have heard came about by me. John 8:31-32
John 8:31-32Jesus said: Giving thanks in all circumstances; and He commanded the people to give thanks in all circumstances. Jesus said to them: "You know that I have come into this world to call you by name. So that I can be near you in the day of trouble. When the owner of the house is in it, you are not to come to me for anything. If the head of the house be broken, you are not to come to me for healing. If the head of the house be separated from

Sequence 26:
[SOFT PROMPT]Hurricane Isaac Videos: Anderson Cooper reporting in Louisiana	As Tropical Storm Isaac gained strength in the Gulf of Mexico over the weekend Anderson flew from the Republican National Convention in Tampa to New Orleans.
On Tuesday, shortly after 11 a.m. C. You can see the previous few videos here: The new hurricane videos begin on October 11, 2014.
Check out our current hurricane coverage here: http://newstoday.com/weather/pictures-and-weather/the-hurricane-season-weather-pictures-and-weather-kristen-madden-houston-usa-today-2054.php
Weather videos from the National Hurricane Center: http://www.weather.gov/idaho/idahob/weather-graphics/hurricane-safety/index.html
Check out the latest videos from our

Sequence 27:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home » News & Events » Ecumenical Patriarchate Ecumenical Patriarchate 20 Total Articles< Previous 1234 Next >
2010 Patriarchal Encyclical on Great and Holy Lent
Beloved brothers and sisters, children in the Lord,
Tomorrow, we enter the period of Holy and amortiful time for us, as we look to the coming of the Lord, and we hope for His blessing upon us in our lives and in the lives of those who are with us. The Lord Jesus Christ, the Risen Christ, the King of the Universe, is truly our Master and our Strength. We come to Him in humility and in trust. He has always been with us, and He will always be with us. We entrust ourselves to Him. We entrust ourselves to the merciful, compassionate, and sustaining Holy Spirit, and to the Holy Father, the Patriarch of the Ecumenical See.

Sequence 28:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sign up for the Daily Drop so you don't miss out on AR's daily: « U+229020 = 〈Y - i, U+21992 = X - Y, U+21997 = Y - i, U+21997 = X - Y, U+21997 = Y - i, U+21997 = X - Y, U+21997 = Y - i, U+21997 = X - Y, U+21997 = Y - i, U+21997 = X - Y, U+21997 = Y - i, U+21997 = X - Y, U+21997 = Y - i, U+21997 =

Sequence 29:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home Baltimore News Baltimore News
Baltimore Gas&Electric (BG&E), Potomac Electric Power Co. (PEPCO), and Delmarva Power Co. (Courtesy Image) Md. Gives Customers a Break on Utility Cutoffs
BALTIMORE (AP) — The Maryland Public Service Commission says utilit in homeowners in the city of Baltimore has been broken for several years and the utility has been looking for ways to restore the system. The commission says it’s continuing to work with its contractor to figure out the best approach to restoring the utility. Officials say the utility is still looking for ways to restore service to more than 5,000 customers who are currently without service. The utility says it has already done work to restore some customers. A utility spokesman says utility crews will begin restoring service to about 4,000 customers Monday and more work is expected to begin in the coming weeks. BG&E says it is working to restore service to

Sequence 30:
[SOFT PROMPT]Black Church ‘Keeper of the Flame’ Gala to Celebrate Obama Second Inauguration
by AFRO Staff African American Church Inaugural Ball (Courtesy Image)
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The leaders of African American churches will, once again, convene in Washington, D.C.  to commemorate the nation's first black president's second inauguration. The Black Church 'Keeper of the Flame' Gala will be held on Friday, January 20, 2013, at the Howard University. Featuring performances by the cast of 'Dear White America,' 'Havana,' 'The Aristocrats,' 'You Can't Take It With You,' 'Hurricane' and 'Sly and the Family Stone,' this inaugural gala is free and open to the public. It is the first of a series of galas that will feature 'We Are the World,' the Emmy-award winning series that

Sequence 31:
[SOFT PROMPT]ShareThis AFT and members strongly support Chicago Teachers Union
The AFT and our members around the country stand firmly with the Chicago Teachers Union and will support its members in their efforts to secure a fair contract that will enable them to give 11/13/2011 11:30 AM  1444 Views	1	1	2	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	

Sequence 32:
[SOFT PROMPT]...catching myself at Recoleta Cemetary
...tweeting
annabel twitterpated
...linking
My Yelp Page
UCLA Extension
L.A. Conservancy
...blogging
Belated resolutions for 2011
(posted here in order to make them real)1) Travel more.Last year was a banner year for in travel-related terms, but I had a big year in writing. In addition to the (lucky) jobs I got in Los Angeles and the transcontinental move, I made some small trips that I'll get to blog about in the next couple of months.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.


Sequence 33:
[SOFT PROMPT]CONNECT with us. HomeCollectionsObjectsMilitary Personal Items
Military Personal Items A selection of military uniforms and personal equipment from World War I through the Cold War. This group includes examples from the United States armed forces and other. In order to retrieve the most important information, please check out our useful collection of military uniforms.
Military UniformsIn this collection, you will find several pieces of clothing from World War I and other fascinating information. This collection includes examples of military uniforms and personal equipment from World War I and other interesting information.
Military UniformsMilitary UniformsMilitary Uniforms is a selection of military uniforms and personal equipment from World War I and other interesting information. This collection includes examples of military uniforms and personal equipment from World War I and other interesting information.
Military UniformsMilitary Uniforms are a selection of military uniforms and personal equipment from World

Sequence 34:
[SOFT PROMPT]Rogue 5-string
redwoodmike
NewUsername: redwoodmikePost Number: 6Registered: 9-2008Posted on Thursday, June 27, 2013 - 11:11 am: Hello...I have a 1996 Rogue 5-string that I want to sell. I put it up on Craigslist in the SF Bay area at a price of $1,700 andLiberal was selling it for $2,200. If anyone is interested in this guitar, please let me know. Thanks!
Registered: 7-2009Posted on Wednesday, June 26, 2013 - 11:57 pm: I have a new 4-string that I bought from the online shop. I have never owned a 4-string guitar before and I am interested in buying one. The guitar is brand new and is in excellent condition. It is a rosewood guitar and the bridge is an F. I want to buy it at the price it is selling for. I have no idea where to find it or what to

Sequence 35:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home / History of The Eagles
History of The Eagles
The Story of an American Band
Item: 40-581799
Category: Personality DVD
Format: 3 Blu-ray Discs
This 3 Disc Blu-ray in 5.1 Surround Sound and Stereo is packaged in a six-panel digipak with accompanying phoso, in short, the disc consists of five discs: 1. Back to the Future 2. All About Eve 3. Deadeye 4. Faith Healer 5. The First Season of The Philly Philatelists
1. All About Eve. The Eagles’ First and Best Album.
2. Faith Healer. The Eagles’ First Album and Best Song.
3. Deadeye. The Eagles’ First Album and Best Song.
4. Faith Healer. The Eagles’ First Album and Best Song.
5. The First Season of The Philly Philatelists
1. Back to

Sequence 36:
[SOFT PROMPT]algebraicthunk.net/ blog/ entry/ Close Encounters of the Automotive Kind
I got run over by a car on Wednesday.
Well, that's an exaggeration. My foot got run over by a car on Wednesday. I was trying to cross, in a crosswalk, in front of a red SUV that was s and my right foot got run over by a car. I was crossing, in a crosswalk, in front of a red SUV that was speeding up, in a very, very crosswalk. I got run over by a car.
I got run over by a car on Wednesday.
Hey, that's an exaggeration. My foot got run over by a car on Wednesday. I was trying to cross, in a crosswalk, in front of a red SUV that was speeding up, in a very, very crosswalk. I got run over by a car.
I got run over by a car on Wednesday.


Sequence 37:
[SOFT PROMPT]This blog is dedicated to those that truly bring a story to life: The Villains! In movies, comics, games, books, even in real life, villains make everything possible. So now we've decided to pay tribute to all the great villains of the world. We've come to (Image by Amalia_Meza)
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.


Sequence 38:
[SOFT PROMPT]« Traveling all-star softball...
Maryland joining Big Ten»
No Ben means no win for Steelers
By Buck Frank (bfrank@altoonamirror.com)
Save | PITTSBURGH - It was a typical Steelers-Bal-timore Ravens game Sunday night. Neither team was able to muster much off John Riggins in the first half.
But neither was Ben Roethlisberger.
Riggins was the story of the Ravens, posting a career-high six touchdown passes and helping the Steelers survive the Bengals to even the season series with the Ravens.
"I just feel like we were in a position to win the game and I think we just came out on top," Riggins said. "I feel like we're a very balanced offense and we're coming out and playing hard and we're going to keep doing that."
The Ravens scored on the opening drive and scored on the second drive and the

Sequence 39:
[SOFT PROMPT]Africa in Western media
Please, please: don't tell me that the White Man does not care about Africa. (1/2) Before it is all said and done, there is only one thing to do: save your story.
Do you know what a story is? It is the narrative of an event in which the world’s imagination is expressed through a story. You might think that a story is only the story that we tell ourselves. But we tell ourselves stories in a different way. A story can be more than just a story. It can be an impression of the world that we can call an event, a moment, a memory, a dream, a conversation, a feeling, a habit, an idea, an idea that

Sequence 40:
[SOFT PROMPT]Question:	Where did dale earnhardt jr finish in todays nascar race? Answer:	Earnhardt started and finished in 20th place. Jeff Gordon came in 1st. AnswerParty
Jeff Gordon ×
Jeff Gordon Details
Jeffery Michael "Jeff" Gordon (born August 4, 1971) is an Ameri and is the son of Jerry Gordon. Jeff Gordon is an American NASCAR driver, owner of Chevrolet, and a NASCAR All-Star. He was the 2003 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series champion and the 2003 NASCAR Xfinity Series champion. He also won the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series championship in 2004 and the NASCAR Nationwide Series championship in 2005. Gordon is currently a member of the NASCAR Xfinity Series. He currently drives for Roush Fenway Racing, which is based in Richmond, Virginia. Gordon is currently in his eighth season as an owner in the NASCAR Xfinity Series

Sequence 41:
[SOFT PROMPT]Jacob Lawrence American 1917 -2000 Born:
Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States Studied:
Harlem Art Workshop American Artists School, New York Exhibited:
Lawrence One-Man Show, Museum of Modern Art, New Y Examples of Work:
Baltimore Museum of Art, MD Hir n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_presents.jpg n_

Sequence 42:
[SOFT PROMPT]Code of the Public Local Laws of Maryland, 1930
350 ARTICLE 2.
ANNAPOLIS.*
P. L. L., 1888, Art. 2, sec. 28. 1898, ch. 370. 1914, ch. 156. 1914 Code, sec. 29.
1. The boundaries of the City of Annapolis shall be as follows: Be- ginning at the corner of the w to-dford of N. Broad and Pine Streets; at the w to-dford of New Market and St. Marys Streets; at the w to-dford of North Charles Street; at the w to-dford of the east line of the Square; and at the w to-dford of the north line of the Old Courthouse Square.
2. The Town of Annapolis shall be divided into a City and a Town, with the City being divided into two Hundred (200) precincts, each precinct to be the whole of the town within which its corporate limits may be laid

Sequence 43:
[SOFT PROMPT]Despite Everything, Tiger Will Always Be No. 1
by: Frank Deford, NPR, April 16, 2014 2:04:00 am
Frank Deford says there'll never be another Tiger Woods of any sport. // AFP/Getty Images, Karim Sahib
Tiger Woods hasn't won a major in six years, and at 38, s, No, that's not true. Yes, he won a major last year. And yes, he won another major in the Bahamas last week. But no, there will never be another Tiger Woods. And he has been the only player in the history of golf to ever win a major in his home country and another major in a different country on the other side of the globe. And he's the only player in the history of golf to win an amateur golf championship in the United States, as well as a PGA Tour event. He won the U.S. Open last year, but it's true he hasn't won

Sequence 44:
[SOFT PROMPT]RCW 51.48.210Delinquent taxes.
If payment of any tax due is not received by the department by the due date, there shall be assessed a penalty of five percent of the amount of the tax for the first month or part thereof of delinquency; there shall be assessS.B. B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.B.S.

Sequence 45:
[SOFT PROMPT]Al-Qaida Arm In Yemen Flexes Its Muscles In Nigeria
Share Tweet E-mail Comments Print By Dina Temple-Raston Originally published on Thu July 12, 2012 11:25 am
Listen	An unusual terrorism case started in Nigeria late last week. Prosecutors in the capital ci the capital of Nigeria have filed charges against the son of the leader of al-Qaida in Iraq (AQI) for an alleged bombing in a hotel in the city of Maiduguri, Borno State. The charges filed by prosecutors were in line with those that have been filed against Ibrahim Saeed al-Baghdadi, the leader of the AQI. They accuse him of having tried to establish a secret cell in Maiduguri, that is the capital of the Borno state, where the AQI is located. The claim is that the cell was to establish a training camp for the fighters of

Sequence 46:
[SOFT PROMPT]by AwesomePerson#2
The most beautiful girl in the world who has an amazing personality. Everybody loves her and wishes they could be friends with her. When she is not around them, they get very sad. Although she has never had a boyfriend, the boys are lini never forget that it is fun and important to be with her.She is the type of person who is always ready to go out and be with her friends. She is the type of girl who can do everything she wants to do. It is her priority to help people and always is looking for new ways to be with people. Always looking for new ways to be with people. She is the type of girl who is always looking for new ways to be with people. She is the type of girl who can do anything she wants to do. It is her priority to help people and always is looking for new ways to be with people.

Sequence 47:
[SOFT PROMPT]Tunisia, Egypt and ElBaradei
In the Guardian, my friend Jack Shenker talks to Mohamed ElBaradei about the risks of a Tunisia-like uprising in Egypt — which ElBaradei does not want:
"What has transpired in Tunisia is no surprise and should be very instructi, but I want to suggest a few things to help it not get out of hand.
First, there is a small amount of genuine discontent with the status quo, as well as the manipulation of the revolution. The movement is clearly not ready to give up its economic benefits. Some parts of it are still very much tied to its urban core.
The revolution is very fragmented and not yet organised. We need to ensure that the people understand the importance of the transition and not get confused. They need to be kept informed, but I would stress that they need to be involved in the process and not just a casual observer.


Sequence 48:
[SOFT PROMPT]Audubon.org
Feature Articles Editor's Note Letters
Audubon View
Field Notes True Nature Incite
Earth Almanac Audubon At Home Reviews
One Picture E.O. Wilson Stuart Pimm Richard Cizik
E-Correspondence
Can religion and environmentalism find common ground in  not to prevent them from finding each other's arms? — John
Carroll, Editor of Audubon magazine, responds to A.D. Du Bois' book, "The Souls of Black Folk" The Negro
Sustainable Agriculture A Century of Hope Littleton, Colo.
An American Forest Legacy Audubon Foundation and Friends of the Wild &amp; Friends of the American Forest
Birds and Bees Guide to the American West, Inc.
Managing Rainforests Audubon Foundation, Inc.
A BRIEF HISTORY OF RAIN FORESTS
Why do we

Sequence 49:
[SOFT PROMPT]Forums » Economics » Economics Questions » Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism and the Chicago School
Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism and the Chicago School
1,711 Posts Points 29,285
posted on Thu, Nov 22 2012 6:38 PM rated by 0 users
I need some clarification h,In economics, Friedmanite, as he wrote in A Monetary History of the United States, A Monetary History of the United States, it was a "most ideal" system, as it reduced the rate of interest to 0, thereby eliminating the need for taxes. But in the 1960s, the standard neo-classical theory became dominant. In The End of Economic Growth, then, Friedman calls for "New Institutional Economics," which is still being refined, and says it can be done "in a new, short-run, non-technical way."1 Friedman said that in the short run, the "inflationary forces

Sequence 50:
[SOFT PROMPT]Arbuthnot Date:
Jan 7, 2008 4:28pm Forum:
Re: The Jerry Question i'm pretty sure i've mentioned it previously, but if i had to choose between the GD & Jerry's side projects, i'd easily choose the latter, even though i ever only got to see the JGB the once In that case, I would say that the "Anxiety of Inadequacy" is the one that gets me more agitated, because i have a very strong fear of failure and i know that this will happen. My goal is to never fall into the "I'm going to fail" position, but I'm trying to develop a realistic understanding of what I can and cannot do and that is where I get my anxiety, and if i take a step back from it, i am not so anxious to do something again. I am not a religious person, and i don't really see much of the difference between religion and spirituality, but

Sequence 51:
[SOFT PROMPT]Utah State football: Joe Hill poised for significant role at running back
USU notes • Soph won't start, but will be a big contributor.
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published August 9, 2012 4:41 pm
Logan • Through two seasons at Utah State, seven car may be the first time in the program's history that two running backs were dismissed after just one game. Soph was among the best players in the program last year, but he was hurt for most of the season, missed most of the season with a back injury, and never really recovered to the level he was at before. Soph was averaging 4.4 yards per carry last year, but that's only one-third of what he was averaging in 2009. Soph was also slowed by injuries and his role is expected to be much smaller this year. Soph is a very capable back, but Utah State was never going to rely on him.

Sequence 52:
[SOFT PROMPT]Utah State football: Aggies' defense challenged but hold up vs. UNLV
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published September 29, 2012 7:58 pm
Logan • Utah State went scoreless in the first quarter, surrendered a first-half touchdown for the first time this teacher's conference that began at 3:30 p.m. for all state and national championships to be held on Saturday, Sept. 29. A state record is 3,818 yards for the top-ranked Aggies (8-0). Utah State averaged 33.6 points per game last year. “The Aggies are a very well-coached football team, and they have been playing the game they’ve been playing for a very long time,” said Ute coach Chris Peterson. “They’ve had to play a lot of players in a lot of situations. They’ve been very effective.” It was also

Sequence 53:
[SOFT PROMPT]Search within this collection: Recent Submissions
1815 Chap. 0140. An Act To Apportion And Assess A Tax Of One Hundred And Thirty-Three Thousand, Three Hundred And Twenty-Eight Dollars And Fifty-Two Cents, And To Provide For The Reimbursement Of Twenty-Eigyouths And Twenty-Three Years, In All The County Of Orange And For The County Of Putnam, And The Town Of Woodbridge, In The County Of Putnam, And For The County Of Essex And The Town Of Woodbridge, In The County Of New York, In The County Of Kings, And The Town Of Lakeville, In The County Of Salem, And The Town Of North Hampton, In The County Of Hudson, And The Town Of Pittsfield, In The County Of Salem, And The Town Of Hudson, In The County Of Massachusetts, And The Town Of Albany, In The County Of New York, In The

Sequence 54:
[SOFT PROMPT]Promoting, Protecting, and Strengthening Home Schooling
EA Blog
About EA
Start Home Schooling
Just Plain Interesting: Springboards for Research on the AmishJune 4th, 2013 by MelissaPublished with PermissionWritten by Karen Robuckwww.TOSMagazine.comI see th(c) 2013. Melissa Robuck is a graduate student in the Dept. of Religion and Philosophy, Catholic University of America. She is the co-author of a recent book on the Amish, Living the Amish Way, with Stephen King and other Amish authors.
A Discussion of Home Schooling with Melissa Robuck
I’m not sure how the home schooling of the Amish works, but in the books it seems to work very well. I know that some of the children that were brought up in this way have gone to college. I don’t know if it works that well with some of the

Sequence 55:
[SOFT PROMPT]ARKOFGOD
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope. ( Jeremiah 29:11)
Home10 commandments and the Law of Christbecoming a believercreationism vs evolutionismDeath and resurre reading each other on thursday nightmy wife left me and moved in with her new boyfriend
Sat Dec 17, 2013 3:46 pm Re: Noah, Evolution and the Ark
Yeah, but the Bible doesn't say the Earth is afloat.
The Bible says that it is floating on water.
And if it floats on water, it is also floating on the face of the water.

I think that it is obvious that you are a christian. If you were not, you would know that you are a christian and not an atheist.
A christian believes that Jesus is the only way to God

Sequence 56:
[SOFT PROMPT]Moretti Fine Art shows fine works by Italian masters in Shanghai for the first time
The Master of Memphis (Florence, active c.1500-1510), The Holy Family with the Infant Saint John the Baptist and two shepherds. Oil on panel, diameter: 112 cm.
SHANGHAI.- E of my home page
SHANGHAI.- Epostsare included in the exhibition The Holy Family with the Infant Saint John the Baptist and two shepherds, at the Shanghai Museum of Fine Arts, from May 19 to June 3, 2015. It is the first time that the work of the renowned painter has been exhibited in the city of Shanghai.
The Holy Family is an early altarpiece depicting the life of Christ as well as the composition of the final group. The figure of Mary and Joseph is seated on the left side of the canvas, in a place corresponding to the nave of the central building of the Church

Sequence 57:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home→Collections→CrossroadsIN THE NEWSCrossroadsFIND MORE STORIES ABOUT:LoveDelray BeachBandMeetingYoung People| MoreFEATURED ARTICLESLIFESTYLETeaching at the crossroadsAugust 24, 2012Meet another member of South Florida's many-sided faith community. This lovesilver+lover, married to 2 boys, works at a coffee shop in south beach, lounges on the beach, loves to travel, plays the guitar, enjoys reading, loves his family and loves to spend time with friends.
Sun, Sep 14, 2012 | 2:00 PMThis is a sample of the new crossroads magazine. Please fill out the form below and then we will email you the next sample.
American College of Family Physicians. The Affordable Care Act: How the American College of Family Physicians (ACFP) Can Help People Take Control of Their Health Care. The American College

Sequence 58:
[SOFT PROMPT]Skip to the content | Change text size Monash University - Faculty of Arts
About Arts
Contact Arts
[Staff Only]
Search Monash Arts
Arts Faculty » Journalism, Australian & Indigenous Studies » About the School of Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studie its bryan.phillips@monash.edu.au Tue, 22 Feb 2019 19:39:45 +0000
(1/1) "Rape of the Globe" by Andrew Roberts, 8.4.2019
(1/2) "In Memoriam" by Margaret Stewart, 10.1.2019
(1/3) "How to be a leader" by Jennifer Harding, 11.1.2019
(1/4) "Journalism and other media studies" by Yvonne Davis, 11.2.2019
(1/5) "The Art of Dipl

Sequence 59:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts tagged with LOMBARDI
May 4, 9:40 am	Winning Isn’t Everything: ‘Lombardi’ to Close on Broadway
By PATRICK HEALY	Sara Krulwich/The New York Times Dan Lauria in the title role in “Lombardi.”
“Lombardi,” the play that tried to draw men to Broadway with a.n.d. and …
by ANNA MORENO | May 3, 5:52 pm | Comments (2)
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/05/03/nyregion/03lombardi.html
Lombardi's legacy still largely in doubt
by STEPHEN CHAPMAN | May 3, 5:36 pm | Comments (2)
The legacy of Coach Bill Parcells still hangs over his former New York Giants.
By CHARLIE D. GERBER | May 3, 3:48 pm | Comments (2)
May 3,

Sequence 60:
[SOFT PROMPT]Who was Robert Filliou?
Born January 17, 1926, Sauve, FranceDied 1987, Les EyziesRobert Filliou, a member of Fluxus, the 1960's performance group that specialized in esthetic nonevents, believed that art didn't have to express itself in the form of objects, Robert Filliou (June 7, 1927 – July 17, 1987) was an American painter, graphic artist, and printmaker. Filliou was one of the most important artists of the American Pop Art movement, and he was an important influence on a variety of artists. He was a major influence on the later artists of the conceptual and post-conceptualist movement. Filliou was the third child of Emile and Jacqueline Filliou, a French Catholic family that moved to the United States in 1922. He was educated at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Paris, and studied at the

Sequence 61:
[SOFT PROMPT]Atheism's 10 Commandments
p>I saw a display recently on “Atheism’s 10 Commandments.” In fact, it was brought to my attention by somebody who asked if I had been involved in creating it because it sounds so much like me. When I listened to it, I was horrifithat I hadn’t been the one to put it together. However, it didn’t take me long to see that the notion of putting together the 10 commandments of the law is the essence of the law itself.
It’s a simple idea, which is that it is God’s will that we all should obey the law. However, it is God’s will that all men should obey the law. Therefore, it is God’s will that we all should obey the law.
The 10 commandments aren’t just for Israel, either. We’ve all heard the Ten Commandments of God’

Sequence 62:
[SOFT PROMPT]Symptoms of Infection in Pregnancy
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy vary depending on the infection. Infections such as
cytomegalovirus (CMV),
group B streptococcal disease (GBS),
toxoplasmosis, and some sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) may not have  about how to treat. If you think you have a health problem, you should see a health care provider. The information provided on this site is for general informational purposes only and is not intended as medical advice or to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional. The information on this site is not intended to replace a relationship with a qualified health care professional and is not intended to diagnose or treat any health condition.Be sure to include your name, daytime phone number, address, name and phone number of legal next-of-kin, method of payment, and the name of the funeral home/crematory

Sequence 63:
[SOFT PROMPT]Risk Factors for Cervical Cancer
A risk factor is something that increases your chances of developing a disease or condition.
It is possible to develop cervical cancer with or without the risk factors listed below. However, the more risk factors you have,  their high risk of developing cancer, or getting a disease.
In addition to these factors, your risk of developing cancer depends on your age, family history, and personal health history.
• Age: It is possible to develop cervical cancer with age. However, your risk of developing cancer increases with age. Your risk of developing cancer is greater for women who have a history of having an infected vagina, an infected anus, or cancer of the cervix.
• Family History: Having a parent with cervical cancer, having a brother or sister with cervical cancer, or having a brother or sister who has had cervical cancer increases your risk

Sequence 64:
[SOFT PROMPT]Bombardier Opens Third Service Centre For Commercial Aircraft By Bill Goldston
February 19, 2010 - Bombardier Aerospace announced that it has added a third commercial aircraft service centre to its growing customer support network worldwide. The facility, POCO is a French-based, wholly owned subsidiary of Bombardier Aerospace, with a current service centre in Gironde, south-western France. The third centre, scheduled to open in March 2010, will provide Bombardier Commercial Aircraft service technicians with access to aircraft maintenance and repair, parts, service, and training. POCO will also provide a specialised service centre for Bombardier Commercial Aircraft where Bombardier employees will be trained and certified to service all types of Bombardier aircraft.
“The addition of the third centre will provide our customers in the Paris region with the opportunity to choose a

Sequence 65:
[SOFT PROMPT]Racine Maintenance School Bond (2008)
The Racine Maintenance School Bond was a bond measure that was on the April 1, 2008 ballot in Racine County. It was intended to use $16.5 million over a five year span for maintenance of the Racine Unified School Distr
...
Patti A. Glauser, Racine County Administrator, said the bond is needed for replacement of some of the aging infrastructure at the school and to continue improvements to the Racine Unified School District. She said the school will get a new science lab, a new biology lab, a new gymnasium, a new computer lab, a new music room, a new gymnasium and a new library. Glauser said all of the infrastructure improvements will help the school to be able to compete with other schools in the area. The bond measure also will allow for the construction of a new $30 million,

Sequence 66:
[SOFT PROMPT]Changes related to "United States congressional delegations from Idaho"
← United States congressional delegations from Idaho.
Search Engine and Query Research:
Lovely version of George Washington's Flickr account:
https://flickr.com/services/search/index.html?query=swarovski+washington
Did you know that we have a second most famous White House:
http://www.whitehouse.gov/
Printing technology, page 1:
http://www.whitehouse.gov/1.
Create a new blog page:
http://www.whitehouse.gov/blog
Get to know your President:
http://www.whitehouse.gov/speeches/

Sequence 67:
[SOFT PROMPT]Footnotes have been changed to endnotes and the symbols to numbers. - Jim Duvall
Editor's Preface
Among the transactions which were recorded by the delegates at the ninety-ninth session of the venerable body, whose minutes we herewith present to the public has been the note that I shall keep of the proceedings at the seventy-ninth session of the august body, which I am not only prepared to have kept for the sake of the subject under consideration, but which I hope will be regarded as a kind of evidence of the proceedings of that body.
In regard to the vote on the third article, I am informed by Mr. Andrew Carnegie that, as far as he can learn, the vote was "for the adoption of the third article of the report of the committee of revision, and that the proposition to adopt the third article was carried."
To my great satisfaction, I

Sequence 68:
[SOFT PROMPT]Draft History [-]Drafted in the 5th round (145th overall) by the California Angels in 1996 (did not sign)Drafted in the 2nd round (66th overall) by the Chicago White Sox in 1999 (did not sign) Draft Report [+] Drafted in the 2nd round (43rd overall) by theâ€¦Drafted in the 1st round (35th overall) by the St. Louis Cardinals in 2001 (did not sign) First Annual General Counsel Draft Report [-] Drafted in the 2nd round (40th overall) by the Chicago White Sox in 2002 (did not sign) Draft Report [-] Drafted in the 2nd round (43rd overall) by the Chicago White Sox in 2003 (did not sign) Draft Report [-] Drafted in the 2nd round (43rd overall) by the Chicago White Sox in 2004 (did not sign) Draft Report [-] Drafted in the 2nd round

Sequence 69:
[SOFT PROMPT]San Jose Sharks Schedule, Previews, Recaps: Not Time To Panic For Sharks
It couldn't last forever, regardless of how the San Jose Sharks played, they were going to have to lose again at some point. They were going to have to lose two or three games in a ro so you can be prepared.
And, for those who have not been playing much hockey, or you've been off the radar a while, the Sharks have lost some key personnel. The defense is gone. Defenseman Matt Carle, whom the Sharks had been searching for all season, has left the team. They have gone out and signed Darnell Nurse, who played his first NHL game with the Sharks on Sunday night.
And, after two games of solid hockey, the Sharks are now 1-3. The D is no longer the same, and they have been outplayed by the Anaheim D

Sequence 70:
[SOFT PROMPT]Obituaries 10-25-2011
October 25, 2011By Beacon Hill Times Staff
Barbara Livingston Hally
Contributing writer for Beacon Hill Times
Barbara Livingston Hally of Boston died on October 18. She was 93 years old.
Born to Mary Bolles Livingston and Harry Angus ,” she was a graduate of Tabor Academy and was a teacher for many years in Concord and Stoughton. She also was a seamstress. She is survived by her husband, Warren Hally; her son, Warren Hally Jr. of Pittsfield; two grandchildren, Cara Livingston and Caleb Livingston.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to The Hally Fund, 66 East Avenue, Concord, MA 01742. (617) 849-4433.
Obituaries 10-15-2011
October 15, 2011By Beacon Hill Times Staff
Clifton Agnes

Sequence 71:
[SOFT PROMPT]NewsNewsletterPressContact
GermanEnglishFrenchRussianChinese
Home pageUpright and grand pianosConsulting and salesBechstein - The LegendConcerts and pianistsService
Concert calendarPianistsInterviews and voicesPiano competitionsCDs and DVDs
International cThe
The United Statesof America has a long history of pianists.
Although our list of the most notable people in the field is certainly impressive,
there are plenty of other pianists out there who deserve a mention.
One of the most notable pianists to come out of the United States of America
was Bechstein.
He was a German pianist, composer and teacher.
His music and life span are truly legendary.
Although he had his ups and downs, he left a legacy of wonderful music that is truly memorable.
From the dawn of the piano, Bechstein created a lasting legacy.

Sequence 72:
[SOFT PROMPT]print Belfer Center Home > Regions > Africa
By DateBy TopicBy Publication TypeBy Program/ProjectBy Expert	Filter by Select Program/Project
Science, Technology, and Public Policy
Harvard�Belfer on Syria
Managing the Atom
Energy Technology Innovation Policy
Committee members are working with colleagues from around the world to answer a variety of questions about the way forward for the world's leading energy research institutions.
September 20, 2016 | Boston Globe | 02:35 pm
SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH
HARVARD WOMEN IN INFOCOM
WOMEN INFOCOM ADDS ADVANCE IN STUDY OF ASTRONOMICAL SURVEYS
Fostering the development of women in science and engineering is a goal of the Harvard University Initiative in Women's Inﬂuence.
The initiative is led by the Interdisciplinary Women

Sequence 73:
[SOFT PROMPT]AMD Powers the Heart of the Next Console Generation
By Nihar Patel -
AMD, INTC, NVDA
Nihar is a member of The Motley Fool Blog Network -- entries represent the personal opinion of the blogger and are not formally edited.
AMD (NYSE: AMD) isn't joking when i"m asked if it has plans to further develop the "nth" generation of the next-generation console. Of course, they do. I mean, they have been using "the nth" generation of the last-generation of consoles to demonstrate new things with the last-generation. It has become so easy to use "the nth" generation of a last-generation console that they have finally used it to prove their theories. And it is still working well. But i don't see why they should bother to "prove" anything with the next-generation console.
When the next-generation consoles come out, there

Sequence 74:
[SOFT PROMPT]eBook sales jump 115% in January
Amazon's Android Appstore may launch March 22
AT&T to acquire T-Mobile from Deutsche Telekom for $39 billion
on Mar 20, 2011 at 2:30 PM
AT&T, the nation’s second largest wireless provider, has just announced that it will ac See also AT&T announces two major acquisitions this week.
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-25521436
Commentary: AT&T’s move to acquire T-Mobile and its $39 billion valuation is an interesting move for AT&T.
http://www.businessinsider.com/at-t-buys-t-mobile-2011-2
And that's it for this week! I'm excited to see what happens next, so stay tuned for more!
0 Comments:
5
comments:
Post a Comment
Sign in or

Sequence 75:
[SOFT PROMPT]Older Articles	Europe
by Dan Graziano
Huawei announces global availability of the Ascend P1 smartphone
By Dan Graziano on April 18, 2012 at 10:45 PM.	Huawei announces global availability of the Ascend P1 smartphone
Huawei on Wednesday announced global avai but said the Ascend P1 will not be available in China until the second half of this year.The Ascend P1 is Huawei's latest and first attempt at making a flagship smartphone that would compete with the iPhone. The Ascend P1 will come with an 8-inch Full HD (1920 x 1080) IPS display, Qualcomm Snapdragon 1.5GHz quad-core processor, 3GB of RAM and a 13-megapixel rear camera with flash and 5-megapixel front camera.The Ascend P1 is available in white, black, pink and gold. The Ascend P1

Sequence 76:
[SOFT PROMPT]Nothing "Is What It Is"
Question: Which will come first, the completion of the Second Avenue Subway or the next Mets World Series victory? Christine Quinn: Well I can’t actually answer that question honestly because my father is 84, and he remembers the da;; But it’s an interesting question, and I can’t answer it for him, but I can say that if we were to build it, it would be an incredible achievement, because it would be a direct, modern, very dramatic, much more advanced version of the Paris Metro, and I’m glad that we’re on the same wavelength on that. And that was a point of our debate. And it’s interesting to me that people like Roxanne, or people like the guys from Brooklyn, or people like Patrick Leander, who are kind of those great romantic anti-capitalists, that say

Sequence 77:
[SOFT PROMPT]LOVE, Francis Johnson, (1901 - 1989)
LOVE, Francis Johnson, a Representative from West Virginia; born in Cadiz, Harrison County, Ohio, on January 23, 1901; attended the public schools; Bethany College at Bethany, W.Va., A.B., 1924; principal of Warwood Hig are School; attended and graduated from West Virginia University, M.A., 1926; taught in West Virginia for two years; organized a school in Cadiz, Harrison County, Ohio, and moved to Winchester, W.Va., December 12, 1932; resident in West Virginia for thirty-three years; served in the United States Army, from 1927 to 1939; represented Winchester from 1931 to 1940; served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1940; married Fannie Lee Niemeyer, on December 17, 1944; two sons, Charles, M.D., of Harrison, W.Va., and David,

Sequence 78:
[SOFT PROMPT]Steven M. Smith
25 Breaking Away from a False Dilemma
With a high-school level understanding of science and theology, I was convinced by this "either-or" argument and, to my knowledge, became the first Young Earth Creationist in my local Nazarene church. I means that it is scientifically impossible to support a Biblical view of Creation. I was convinced by this "either-or" argument and, to my knowledge, became the first Young Earth Creationist in my local Nazarene church. I contend that this was the greatest challenge to my convictions, because it exposed me to two very serious problems: 1) Creationism is in fact false, and 2) the Bible is true, and I now believe the Bible is false.The Great Challenge to My Convictions: Why Did I Believe in Creation?Before I begin my argument, I need to explain my belief in Creation. I have

Sequence 79:
[SOFT PROMPT]0 Scientists Tell Their Stories: Owen Gingerich
When it came time to go to graduate school, one of Owen Gingerich's science professors told him “If you feel a calling to go to astronomy, you should give it a try, because we shouldn’t let atheists take over go away.
Owen Gingerich, a writer and professor at the University of Washington, started studying astrology in high school. But, as a way to make the science of astrology more accessible to people who are new to it, he decided to write a book. After the book’s publication, he says it was “one of the best things I’ve ever done.”
Since then, he has had many jobs: at a health insurance company, a software company, and an art gallery. He is now an assistant professor of astronomy at the University of Washington. In that capacity, he teaches astronomy to students

Sequence 80:
[SOFT PROMPT]This week in origins news: Inflation of a cosmic kind, new theories about the Higgs particle, a lively collection of links from favorite spots in the blogosphere, and a few interactive items for those who enjoy playing as much as they do reading around the they are a treasure trove of a wonderful subject. Thanks for visiting and thanks for your comments and for the ideas.
As usual, please leave your thoughts, comments, suggestions, and ideas about these topics in the comments section of any of the posts.
• Sign up for the Week in Organs newsletter
• Join us on Facebook
• Follow us on Twitter
• Follow us on Instagram
• Like us on Facebook
• Join our mailing list to receive the Week in Organs Newsletter!
• Follow us on Google+
• Sign up for our email list for updates and special offers!
•

Sequence 81:
[SOFT PROMPT]Blackstone Blog
Blackstone honored at the 2011 inMotion Commitment to Justice Awards
The Blackstone Group received a special honor as the top fundraising team for inMotion’s Story by Story—Climbing to End Domestic Violence! event. A gala ceremony was held  by some of the company’s most prominent and highly visible members and corporate ambassadors at the Conrad Hotel in San Francisco on Friday, January 27, 2011. The company raised over $1 million to help domestic violence survivors.
The funds raised by the Blackstone Group at the Conrad will help women and children facing the violence and abuse that can often be the hardest to overcome.
“We are honored to receive this recognition for our work with women and children, and our commitment to change the status quo in the legal system,” said Pamela Blackstone, Global Head of Investor Relations. “We are dedicated to empowering women and

Sequence 82:
[SOFT PROMPT]Power Ranking the NFL's Top 50 Active Offensive Linemen
By Cody Swartz
Rob Carr/Getty Images 16.3K
It’s notoriously difficult to grade offensive linemen, especially considering there are very limited statistics to evaluate their performance. The Pro Bowl v

To rank the top 50 offensive linemen in the NFL this week, I went with two simple factors: first, the past performance of each player, and second, his grade this season. If a player performed poorly, he’s gone, and he won’t be considered for the top 50.
This week, I took a more creative approach to the rankings, using a number of statistics that have a direct correlation to offensive line play.
1. Willie B. Jackson
Grade: B+
So who is this playmaker? He has a history of playing with the offensive line as a senior, but

Sequence 83:
[SOFT PROMPT]Top Five Stables Ever in WWE/WCW
By Goutham Babu
Ever since the wrestling industry started, there were great teams constituting various great wrestlers. Many of such stables created world wide attraction and accelerated the profit of wrestling industry.
He and
Never have so many legends been created. A bunch of great talents have been inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame, but many of them are no more.
That’s why many of us believe that the legends who have come from the stables are still a part of the industry. For instance, John Cena is a star who has made his mark in the WWE. He was part of the WWE Hall of Fame. He is still part of the industry and it’s obvious that he is a part of the WWE as well. But then, there is one legend who is still a part of the industry that

Sequence 84:
[SOFT PROMPT]Want more real-time Dallas Mavericks news?
What's Next for Dirk Nowitzki After Frustrating 2012-13 NBA Season? By Zach Buckley
Forgive Dirk Nowitzki if he doesn't know how to act right now.It's been a while since he's had to deal with something like this.F the data in the attached image is data from some test with missing data removed. It shows that the current level of Dirk Nowitzki's skills has dropped significantly.The graphs below are from the first two months of the year.Dirk Nowitzki is still enjoying his career and winning, but he has lost a lot of the coolness that came with his offensive flair.That's why he's the most-hyped player in the league.Despite his losing numbers, Nowitzki still has the best stat line of any player in the league this year. He's averaged 17 points, 7 rebounds and 2 assists per

Sequence 85:
[SOFT PROMPT]DogecoinObverseReverseDate of introduction8 December 2013; 3 months ago (2013-12-08)User(s)InternationalInflationApproximately 100 billion coins to be mined by end of 2014. Thereafter, 5.2 billion new coins per year.SymbolÐ,[1] Ɖ,[citation needed] DNicknam— [ http://bit.ly/2aMzY6i http://bit.ly/2aMzY6i http://bit.ly/2aMzY6i http://bit.ly/2aMzY6i http://bit.ly/2aMzY6i http://bit.ly/2aMzY6i http://bit.ly/2aMzY6i http://bit.ly/2aMzY6i http://bit.ly/2aMzY6i http://bit.ly/2aM

Sequence 86:
[SOFT PROMPT]GraniteIgneous rockGranite containing potassium feldspar, plagioclase feldspar, quartz, and biotite and/or amphiboleCompositionPotassium feldspar, plagioclase feldspar, and quartz; differing amounts of muscovite, biotite, and hornblende-type amphiboles.
Ju and schist (granite). Examples of schist include: Artefact; Aggregate; Coal; Dagger; Earth; Ground; Granite; Grooved; Jaw; Keg; Martian; Mineral; Mineral-alloyed; Mineral-alloyed-base; Mineral-alloyed-carbon; Mineral-alloyed-iron; Mineral-alloyed-steel; Mineral-alloyed-titanium; Mineral-alloyed-zircon; Mineral-alloyed-yttrium; Mineral-alloy

Sequence 87:
[SOFT PROMPT]Shenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, Ontario, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004–presentSpouse(s)Josh Beech (m. 2013)
Jump to: navigation, searchShenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, O through Toronto, Ontario, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004–presentSpouse(s)Tyler Moore (m. 2013)
Jump to: navigation, searchShenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, O through Toronto, Ontario, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004–presentSpouse(s)Samantha Bergmann (m. 2012)
Jump to: navigation, searchShenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Tor

Sequence 88:
[SOFT PROMPT]Wavenumber
Jump to: navigation, searchIn the physical sciences, the wavenumber is the spatial frequency of a wave. It can be envisaged as the number of waves that exist over a specified distance (analagous to frequency being the number of wave oscillations shows that wavenumber is a number that determines the frequency of the signal, but wavenumber does not tell you anything about the amplitude of the wave. So what we need to do is figure out what frequency corresponds to wavenumber. So if we want to figure out the frequency of the wave we can start by saying that the wavenumber is the number of waves that exist over a certain distance, and that the amplitude of the wave is the number of waves that exist over that distance. We can then use that to figure out the frequency of the wave. Thus we can say that the frequency of the wave is the number

Sequence 89:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts tagged "DealerBlock" Owner's Manual
Find help on how to use the new ADESA.com
We are very excited about the launch of our new website a few weeks ago. While the new ADESA.com is user-friendly and easy to navigate, we understand you might have questio”I am not sure what you want from the new website, but we can help you with it. I can help you with the user-interface and content for the first two years of the new website, or I can help you with your marketing, advertising, website design, or other marketing needs. Call me or email me at: … [...]

DealerBlock
DealerBlock has more than just the power to win customers. It’s the power to earn more customers. We’ve seen it happen. Here’s how. Welcome to DealerBlock! DealerBlock is a powerful new marketing tool for the

Sequence 90:
[SOFT PROMPT]« How to Strengthen an Interfaith Relationship
Autism Awareness Month: How to Support the Cause »
Hear the Voices of Help and Hope
Hear stories of hope — directly from just a few of the people whom Catholic Charities has helped over the past year. This sho to the fallout of the Catholic church in the United States. In the episode, Beth Hoy, an administrator for the Catholic Charities in Washington, D.C., talks about how she has helped people who have been struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts. “It’s very hard,” she says. “People are very frightened.”
The Catherines help over 120,000 people each year, the majority of whom are children. It is a tough situation, but one that many have accepted with the understanding that they are not alone. As Beth says, “Sometimes we think that it’s easy for people to accept,

Sequence 91:
[SOFT PROMPT]Online Blogucation
14Sep/110
I had to turn the heater on in my car this morning. The Colorado mornings are getting chilly: in the 40s and 50s. It’s almost like Fall had been hiding behind the Labor Day corner, just waiting to pounce. Despite the cold (and  DARK), I was able to get outside and take some pictures. As I walked out to my car I noticed the temperature was down to just above freezing and the wind chill was down to about 10 degrees.

Yesterday was my anniversary with my ex. I thought it was a good idea to have a special occasion. We’ve been together for over 20 years.

I’ve been a photographer for over 20 years. I started in 1985. I still do photography for weddings and events. I am an award winning photographer. I have received a couple of accolades. I am very fortunate.

It was

Sequence 92:
[SOFT PROMPT]How do you put your intentions into practice?
posted by Alex Zielinski on March 8, 2013 Filed under: Intentions
Being International Women’s Day, we’d be silly not to highlight a woman who’s working hard to inspire and challenge her gender every day. Althou there were 1265 people registered to vote
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Sequence 93:
[SOFT PROMPT]« Video Interview: Andrew Wait of Ancestry.com |
| The Genealogy Guys Podcast LIVE at 2009 FGS Conference »
Social Security Numbers: a Non-Issue
I have written before about the security of the Social Security Death Index and its use as a very effective too? > < >? >?
Last edited by Josephine on Mon Feb 20, 2010 3:00 pm; edited 6 times in total.
‘Shelley Wells-Barnett (daughter of an American Civil War veteran)’s thesis on the Illinois Death Index, 1860-1925’ in Ancestry.com’s Anniversary Special Volume
I’m no longer able to use Ancestry.com for the Illinois Death Index, so I will no longer be able to respond to your post. The last time I wrote a response was for you, and it was to help you understand how to request a death

Sequence 94:
[SOFT PROMPT]Debate? What Debate?
Well, that seems to be the question regarding the debate on "Baptists and Calvinism" scheduled for October 16 in Lynchburg, VA. The events of the last two days have made the prospect of actually having the debate very slim. The moderat-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Sequence 95:
[SOFT PROMPT]A Quote by Patrick Jake "P.J." O'Rourke on animals, children, and purpose
in animals
Humans are the only animals that have children on purpose with the exception of guppies, who like to eat theirs.P.J. O'Rourke (1947 -)Contributed by: Zaady TweetDreamTweet (from: 2011-09-06)It's the nature of things, especially in a country that was founded by slaves and had to endure slavery, but we do have a place in the world where you can have a kid and go on a long journey together and be proud of that.P.J. O'Rourke (1947 -)Contributed by: Zaady TweetDreamTweet (from: 2011-09-06)
A Quote by J. P. Morgan on the humanity of animals
I'd like to offer my warmest thanks to this brave, noble and

Sequence 96:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sex, Politics, and Global Hip Hop
The hip hop feminism hub at the U! My hip-hop life now By and01626 on December 6, 2012 12:00 PM
Before taking this class, I had a certain appreciate for hip-hop but did not spend much of my time immersed in the music or anBut the release was set for Oct. 31 and came out a day early.
It's hard to say that hip-hop is a feminist art form when the majority of the songs and artists involved are women, as well as a large majority of rappers.
One such example is Lil Wayne, whose most recent single, "Tha Carter III," includes the lines "But I can't be no babe/No pussy, no beef/But I don't give a fuck." The song's chorus also contains the lines "I'm on it/But I can't be no babe/No pussy, no beef/

Sequence 97:
[SOFT PROMPT]YeungKaiPo
14 passengers were killed in bus crash in NYC
By yeun0040 on March 13, 2011 11:53 PM
On Saturday night, a serious bus crash killed 14 people when the bus was returning to Manhattan's Chinatown after a quick overnight trip to the Mohegan Sun casiin the city, NYPD said.
Police said that the incident happened around 8:15 p.m. on Saturday, and that the crash occurred in the area of the Port Authority Bus Terminal.
The victims were on their way to Chinatown, where they would board a ferry to Brooklyn, NY, the police said.
A witness told CBS that he saw two police officers run toward the bus. One of the officers was carrying a shotgun, the witness said.
A spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said that they are still trying to determine the cause of the crash.
NYPD has

Sequence 98:
[SOFT PROMPT]Match.com's Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms
In celebration of the single mother, Match.com has released a list of the Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms on its official blog Up To Date.The list was compiled using Match.com’s unparalleled data on Ame. The Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms was first announced in December 2012, and in 2013 was updated to include more cities.The results were collected from the people who have most often searched for single moms on Match.com. In the process of the study, we also learned that Match.com has seen a rise in searches for single moms, with more people using the site than ever before.As we've said before, it's always been hard to say when we'll have the definitive list of the best places to date single moms. But as we begin to see the success stories in the online dating industry

Sequence 99:
[SOFT PROMPT]Happy 71st birthday to legendary centerman Stan “Stosh” Mikita. Mikita was born in 1940, in the town of Sokolce of the Slovak Republic. Mikita’s birth name was actually Stanislav Guoth, but when Czechoslovakia became a Communist controlled country, Stosh f changed his name to Stan. He was a center for player movement and a pioneer of the early game in the NHL. His first game was for the Philadelphia Flyers in 1949. He went on to play for the Boston Bruins, Detroit Red Wings, Chicago Black Hawks, and New York Rangers. He was a member of the Hall of Fame team for the St. Louis Blues, who were one of the most successful teams in NHL history. Mikita played for the Blues for 24 years, scoring 112 goals and 114 assists. He was a member of the Stanley Cup winning Boston Bruins in 1963 and a member of the Chicago Black Hawks

Sequence 100:
[SOFT PROMPT]My schedule at the 2009 NAB Show
The convention is about three weeks away, and I’m starting to get full-court press for appointments at the convention. This will be my 21st NAB convention. I have attended every convention since 1989. I know many people hav_ X_RACE: DRIVERS PARKER CABLE CENTER DRIVERS PARKER CABLE CENTER DRIVERS PARKER CABLE CENTER DRIVERS PARKER CABLE CENTER DRIVERS PARKER CABLE CENTER DRIVERS PARKER CABLE CENTER DRIVERS PARKER CABLE CENTER DRIVERS PARKER CABLE CENTER DRIVERS PARKER CABLE CENTER DRIVERS PARKER CABLE CENTER DRIVERS PARKER CABLE CENTER DRIVERS PARKER CABLE CENTER DRIV

Sequence 101:
[SOFT PROMPT]TrueDrive: 2011 Kia Optima Hybrid
Tuesday, 08 November 2011 06:00
Written by Brandy Schaffels
0 Comments	When the first Kia Optima sedan debuted in the United States in 2000, it was nothing more than a rebadged Hyundai Sonata, which didn’t carry much panac: Hi
CruiseControlLog.com: hi
BwstwOgfgr: hi
DarkSaberTheory: hi
Gizmodo: hi
IAmClotter: hi
My_Tech_Mentor: hi
QSTrick: hi
SMS_AND_TWITTER: hi
Slashdothermit: hi
Motorhead_NJ: hi
SeattleCars_NY: hi
This_Is_Gore: hi
TarsN.com: hi
Welcome to the TarsLive chat.
We're live

Sequence 102:
[SOFT PROMPT]12:40 pm January 10, 2014, by John Kessler with-universe-relation_dep-import-el-4-of-cpus-no-single-universe-rel-or-dep-of-relation-r-17-abrupt-lisp-alarm-function-definitions-are-not-optional-if-rel-modifies-the-world-no-universes-and-unnecessary-constraints-in-the-light-of-universe-definitions-no-universes-and-unnecessary-constraints-are-sufficient-for-a-sufficient-condition-on-

Sequence 103:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts Tagged ‘Celebrity birthdays’
Celebrity birthdays Feb. 6: Axl Rose, Natalie Cole, Tom Brokaw, Rip Torn, Robert Townsend, Zsa Zsa Gabor
February 6th, 2010 by accessAtlanta
Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor is 93. Actor Patrick MacNee (”The Avengers”) is 88. Actor Pete Postlethwaite (”Law and Order: SVU”) is 84. Actor Tom Selleck (”Magnum, P.I.”) is 81. Actor Tom Selleck is 81. Actor Meredith Baxter (”The Outsiders”) is 80. Actor Mark Harmon (”Beverly Hills, 90210”) is 80. Actor J. D. De Niro (”The Godfather”) is 78. Actor Brian Dennehy (”Hannibal”) is 74. Actor Al Pacino (”The Godfather Part II”) is 70. Actor Mark Harmon (

Sequence 104:
[SOFT PROMPT]Cyber Cynic
ARMing desktop Linux
By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols
October 12, 2009 1:43 PM EDT
For a brief time in 2008, Linux actually owned a segment of the desktop industry: netbooks. When netbooks first showed up, they ran only Linux. Microsoft panicked an“extremely large segment” of the market, in part because it would be difficult to convince consumers to buy a Linux-based netbook. Microsoft, of course, had a hard time selling Linux-based PCs, too. But Microsoft did eventually move away from Linux, but it was not the sole reason for its decline. The truth is that Microsoft’s netbook sales didn’t grow nearly as much as Linux did. It would be hard to blame Microsoft for thinking Linux was the best way to market its netbooks. Microsoft’s own netbook sales had actually declined in the months leading up to Microsoft’s announcement that

Sequence 105:
[SOFT PROMPT]Roger Avary To Direct Bret Easton Ellis' 'Glamorama' In 2012?
by Gabe Toro
October 13, 2011 12:12 PM 6 Comments
The last time Roger Avary directed a film, it was in collaboration with Bret Easton Ellis. Together, the two of them were responsible for the hy had with the raunchy 'Glamorama' (2004). Now Avary is on board to direct Ellis' 'Glamorama', which is based on the book of the same name by the same name. The film is set in the 1990s and features a rock-and-roll-loving hipster as he struggles to find a job, not because he is bad at it but because he just doesn't have a clue about how to land one. Will we get to see the movie? No. It is only a short preview at the Venice Film Festival, which has just wrapped up. But don't

Sequence 106:
[SOFT PROMPT]She went to prison for her ‘encore career’
December 4, 2013, 12:55 PM ET
By Anne TergesenThis week, Encore.org, a San Francisco-based nonprofit that promotes second careers in the nonprofit sector, is handing out Purpose Prizes, its answer to the MacArthur the following free gifts: “The first-ever Purpose Prize is awarded to the person or organization who bests addresses the needs of the community, within a year of the event.” More info on the prizes: http://encore.org/purposeprizes.php. Read more about the second prizes.
Back in the ’80s, our parents and grandparents sent us to school with the mindset that school was the best place to learn, and that school was about learning. In those days, school was just about going to school, not about any specific learning goals. We learned that we could be anything we wanted to be.

Sequence 107:
[SOFT PROMPT]MPR News A fresh eye on the news Anatomy of a news story
7 There was a story floating around this weekend that makes a wonderful exercise in ascertaining the difference between solid newspaper reporting and TV/video news fare. Perhaps the medium really is ) The MPR News is a project of the New American Foundation and its members, who are dedicated to providing a nonpartisan public forum for the current discussion of current events and current trends in American politics.
7 ================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================

Sequence 108:
[SOFT PROMPT]MPR News A fresh eye on the news The “D” word
The economic meltdown is bad. Most of us are pretty scared, more than a little angry, and our ears perk up when we hear people throw the “D” word around pretty loosely. Earlier this week, a poll showed that alm James Bushman, Senior Fellow for Political Economy at the Economic Policy Institute, is the author of The Dirty Secret of Debt.
The article
All things considered, there’s nothing wrong with the “D” word. “D” stands for “deflation,” but it’s not a bad word at all.
The economy is growing at a steady clip, and we’re not seeing a serious crisis in the labor market. The unemployment rate is down from 7.8% in May, but that’s hardly a crisis, either.
So what is the problem? The political left has been saying that

Sequence 109:
[SOFT PROMPT]Chat Rooms (9) Hi Guest - Join Us Now!
The Reality of Bisexuality
By Robert Weiss LCSW, CSAT-S
Sex is Not a One-Way Street
I had thought that in writing this long-overdue blog on bisexuality I could offer a straightforward, readily understandable overview is to say that it is more of a spectrum than that.
An individual can, for example, have two kinds of sex. I'm not talking about two people having one sexual orientation, one person having another sexual orientation, and another person having no sexual orientation. I'm talking about two people having the same kind of sexual orientation.
I'm not saying that one individual has two kinds of sex, and another individual has two kinds of sex. I'm not saying that two people who are gay and two people who are straight are the same kind of sexual orientation. I'm not saying that two people who are bisexual are the

Sequence 110:
[SOFT PROMPT]Eleven Give Million-Dollar Donations to Super PACs
By Kent Cooper	Posted at 9:23 a.m. on Jan. 29
Eleven associations, unions and individuals have already given more than $1 million each to Super PACs in 2013, with more to be reported this week.
Super PACs  moved up $1 million from 2012 to 2013, according to a Jan. 25 analysis of Federal Election Commission data by The Washington Post. Super PACs can raise unlimited money from individuals and groups.
The donations came from 11 groups that have combined to give more than $1 million to Super PACs in 2013, the analysis showed. The groups have not publicly disclosed the donations.
The organizations had a combined total of $3.9 million in donations, according to the analysis, and an additional $1.5 million in spending.
The analysis also included a separate category of Super PACs that had not spent their money yet,

Sequence 111:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sen. Harry Reid’s Fundraiser Gets 2 Years in Prison
By Kent Cooper	Posted at 2:23 p.m. on Oct. 2, 2013
A Nevada lawyer and lobbyist who was a fundraiser for the 2010 re-election campaign of Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev., has been sentenced to two years in prison the same day he pleaded guilty to federal election law violations.
Thomas “T-Money” Proctor, a former employee of the State Bar of Nevada and a former lobbyist for the League of Women Voters, pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud in connection with his attempt to bribe two U.S. representatives. He was sentenced today by U.S. District Judge A. Howard Matz in Las Vegas.
Proctor’s guilty plea was announced by Assistant U.S. Attorney Taryn Rauz. The plea agreement was disclosed by a federal public defender.
Proctor was sentenced to the

Sequence 112:
[SOFT PROMPT]| | Voices Home
Gordon Brown hails education as the best anti-poverty program
Submitted by Kavita Watsa	On Mon, 09/20/2010 Tweet WidgetGoogle Plus OneLinkedin Share Button1 Comment
This morning, 69 million children would not have gone to school around the ,
Via Fast Company.com:
“In a new study released today, Gordon Brown, former British prime minister, has hailed the UK’s high-quality education system as the best anti-poverty program in the world.”
The Good News: By Peter Barron | Sep 19, 2010 | RSS Feed http://www.thegoodnews.net/http://www.thegoodnews.net/article/20100919/www.goodnews.net/1/19/Via_Fast_Company.com:
“In a new study released today, Gordon Brown, former British prime minister

Sequence 113:
[SOFT PROMPT]Email	Hard boiled crime stories, old and new, in classic packaging
Cory Doctorow at 5:14 am Mon, Sep 6, 2004 — FEATURED —
Kindle Hard Case Crime is a new paperback imprint that's reprinting old pulp crime novels and commissioning new novels in the style ofMany of the books here are first editions, and have no doubt been through many hard cases before. It's hard to tell how many were stolen, or whether any were reprinted. Many of the books here were published in the 1970s, and in some cases even before. Most of them were published in the 1980s or 1990s.
Why are we taking the books from the 1990s and 2000s? We are not attempting to resurrect old crime novels; we are attempting to resurrect a style of pulp crime fiction that came out of the late 20th century.
I have been looking for some hard boiled crime stories in

Sequence 114:
[SOFT PROMPT]This page contains a single entry from the blog posted on August 1, 2010 8:04 PM.
The previous post in this blog was The world according to a couch potato.
The next post in this blog is Ups and downs.
« The world according to a couch potato |
| Ups and dow BULK.com
What’s it like to be a vegetarian?
If you’re not yet convinced that vegetarianism is the only way to live, then you’re not alone.
We’re all on the same page, aren’t we?
While there are many health benefits to eating a vegetarian diet, one of the most compelling is the fact that the foods we consume in our diets, while often containing a small amount of fat, are packed with nutrients that help us live longer and healthier.
The Vegetarian Myth
The Vegetarian Myth has been around for many years, and many people still

Sequence 115:
[SOFT PROMPT]Jessica Alba’s Swimming Pool in Bollywood Debut
By Andrew Stephenson	Posted on June 9th, 2009 in Movies, News
Jessica Alba’s swimming pool makes its Bollywood movie debut in Sajid Nadiadwala’s Kambakht Ishq which stars Akshay Kumar, Kareena Kapoor and AmriWala. Jessica Alba and Swimming Pool. Swimming Pool, also known as Dancing with the Stars: The Summer of Love, was released in the United States on February 10, 2006, in Bollywood, with music by Rahul Roy. The film is based on the true story of the Summer of Love, which began in San Francisco in the 1960s and ended in 1966. It is directed by Sajid Nadiadwala.
Jessica Alba is the daughter of actress Salman Khan. She first appeared in Kambakht Ishq as a model, and she appeared in a number of

Sequence 116:
[SOFT PROMPT]Anushka Sharma still nervous around Shah Rukh Khan
By Priyanka Ramesh Kumar	Posted on November 18th, 2012 in Movies, News, Stars
It’s been 4 years since Anushka Sharma appeared on the big screen and entered Bollywood staring opposite one of the most popula4 years since Anushka Sharma appeared on the big screen and entered Bollywood staring opposite one of the most populabollywood bollywood actress, and has proved to be one of the most popular Bollywood actresses. Aishwarya Rai’s debut in the Bollywood film industry as Anushka Sharma in 2008 has seen the two actresses playing different roles and bringing the two cultures of the country together.Anushka has appeared in a few movies and has become one of the most successful Bollywood actresses. Aishwarya has acted in a few movies and has become one of the most successful B

Sequence 117:
[SOFT PROMPT]It appears that you've exceeded the maximum number of posts you can view, but wait, there's a simple solution. To unlock the forum and continue viewing messages, all you need to do is sign up for a free account. The entire process takes just a few minutes Amateur radio operators in the U.S. will get the best value from the station, when they use it as a test bed for radio technology. That's why the FCC is holding a test on Monday to see how well a typical amateur radio station is being used. The FCC will set up a station at 10 AM to test the Amateur Radio Service, which was created by the FCC in 1968. The Amateur Radio Service is the world's largest amateur radio service, covering the entire radio spectrum, including the spectrum that is allocated for commercial use. The FCC will test a typical Amateur Radio station at 10 AM for six months

Sequence 118:
[SOFT PROMPT]Game 159: Yankees at Blue Jays
Nick Swisher called this “a must win game” for the Yankees, and after yesterday’s deflating 3-2 loss to the Blue Jays, it has to be.
At this point, they all are must-win games for the Bombers, who enter today tied once again  of a series with the Orioles. With their home-field advantage and extra-inning bullpen advantage, the Bombers have to do their part to ensure that the series is tied, and that would be to take advantage of the team’s in-game control, but that is certainly not going to be easy.
Game 160: Orioles at Yankees
After taking a 2-0 lead in the eighth, the Orioles turned the tide in the ninth with a run of four runs, but the Yankees were able to come back and win 6-5.
After a wild start in the bottom of the ninth,

Sequence 119:
[SOFT PROMPT]Lying Awake
Mark Salzman
Best bets for book clubs
BookPage® Column by Julie Hale
This month's new paperback releases include several excellent titles in fiction and nonfiction. We recommend the following selections as good choices for reading groups.Honky?========================?==========???==========?-27-=-=-
I was supposed to be reading or at least watching this one. It's about a guy who plays in a professional baseball league in the Pacific Northwest. He's the only one who knows how to pitch, and he's determined to prove he can be a pitcher. He spends most of the book on the psychological and emotional side of the game, and on one of the most difficult parts of the game, called the "dirty inning." It's the time when a pitcher is suddenly struck by a pitch that comes right over his head, a pitch that is almost impossible to see

Sequence 120:
[SOFT PROMPT]On The Down Low: Is Real Housewives Of Atlanta’s Porsha Stewart A Beard For Her Suspect NFL Baller Hubby??
Categories: For Discussion, For Your Information, Gay, News, Reality TV, Shady, SMH, Suspect, The Side-eye, True or False?, What the Hell???, You Can Thomas Chappell: I never would have seen it if it wasn’t for you. That’s why I’m writing you now. Thank you so much for being a regular. Also, it’s funny that we’re not supposed to discuss any of the “real” Housewives of Atlanta on the blog, because we’re still getting paid. Also, we can only discuss Housewives Of Atlanta for a couple of days before we have to get off our butts and go out and talk about something else. There’s just not enough time in the day to do that. Also, that last week on

Sequence 121:
[SOFT PROMPT]Barcelona's Lionel Messi to sit out Zaragoza trip
5d25d82ff1704a3c80ff4111c309fd81.jpg
Barcelona's Lionel Messi, from Argentina, smiles during the Champions League quarterfinal second leg soccer match between FC Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain FC at the  along with his team, against PSG FC in Paris on Thursday June 11, 2016.Sergio Busquets, AFP/Getty Images
In the wake of Barcelona's humiliating 1-0 loss to Manchester United on Wednesday night, Messi will miss Barcelona's game at the Nou Camp against PSG on Sunday. He will be replaced by Lionel Messi, who scored the equalizing goal against United and is on the Pique Trophy in Portugal.Pablo Rossi/AFP/Getty Images
Barcelona vs PSG
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi had been expected to lead the line

Sequence 122:
[SOFT PROMPT]Whatever seems important at the time.
Opportunity and hindrance
I married my music teacher. While that has brought me many musical opportunities, it also keeps me from practicing as much as I might like. I hate to make student noises when she's trying to r in one single paragraph. Then I get into the game of writing. I don't think I ever have a fully written post until I've had a good chance to see if I can stick with it, and to see if I can learn from it. I'm just as guilty of saying I should stop before I have my first paragraph. I have to get my teacher involved, too. She's a great listener and is always encouraging me to talk about my thoughts. When I get my first piece done, I have to take it back to her and say "This is a really, really bad idea. I want to do better next

Sequence 123:
[SOFT PROMPT]Brian D. Buckley
crude inky blab
HomeAboutContactMy BooksNSA Domestic Surveillance
The Adventures of Links
Posted on Friday, April 29, 2011 - 6:27 am | Leave a comment
Greetings, loved ones. LET’S TAKE A JOURNEY.
First up in links this week, we’ve got The State of the Union, where the President makes the case for expanding NSA domestic surveillance. If you’re not a frequent reader of this blog, I think you’ll be surprised by how thorough it is. The author, Matt Taibbi, has an interesting post about how our government has “squandered” a free society by doing surveillance without warrant, and why this is dangerous.
Another blog post, this one by the founder of a technology start-up, Apple, who argues that the NSA surveillance program is an unnecessary drain on resources. I really liked this post, too. The point of all this is to talk

Sequence 124:
[SOFT PROMPT]mine's on the 45
to find our way home, to break in these bones*
Having grown weary of a seemingly endless string of flights for the past two weeks, I opted to drive from Northern California to Southern California (and back) this week. It was illogical, rea are those of me, you, your and yours.
Punjab DSP Singh, 28 March 2015 I wanted to thank you for your constant support of all those who are serving our country. The good thing is that your presence will not go unnoticed.
Punjab DSP Singh, 28 March 2015 I wanted to thank you for your constant support of all those who are serving our country. The good thing is that your presence will not go unnoticed.
Thank you so much, dear brother.
My love to you and your family.
Thank you for your kind words.
I am so proud of you

Sequence 125:
[SOFT PROMPT]Orioles Draft updates
The Orioles have agreed to terms with 23 of their 49 selections in the 2010 First Year Player Draft. Here’s the list with the round the player was selected in: Riley Hornback (12), Jeremy Nowak (13),Michael Mosby (14), Joseph Oliveira groups of potential sponsors in order to support and encourage the adoption of various youth sports and non-profit programs.
Tailgate Party Sponsor
Orioles New Face Sponsor
Adopt-A-Family Sponsor
Adopt-A-Family Sponsor
Adopt-A-Family Sponsor
Adopt-A-Family Sponsor
Adopt-A-Family Sponsor
Adopt-A-Family Sponsor
Adopt-A-Family Sponsor
Adopt-A-Family Sponsor
Adopt-A-Family Sponsor
Adopt-A-Family Sponsor


Sequence 126:
[SOFT PROMPT]« AND THE PREMISE OF HIS CAMPAIGN IS THAT HE'S A SMART BUSINESSMAN?: |
| AND THEY WONDER WHY WE'RE WINNING?: »
SURE, IT WOULD BE MORE HONEST...:
Jeter captains Turn 2 Foundation event (Doug Miller, 1/31/08, MLB.com)
...but you can hardly expect him to call
...tricks like changing out of his underwear during the dugout.
...It's "Guys, we're in the fifth inning," he says, "and I've got a 5-1 lead, and I've got the pitcher's eye on me."
...In his pregame rituals, Jeter dons a white baseball cap, ties a black ribbon around his neck, and tries to distract the pitcher with a few pleasantries.
...With the crowd of 3,000 in the stands behind him, Jeter smiles and waves as the pitcher waves back.
...After getting the crowd's attention, J

Sequence 127:
[SOFT PROMPT]November 19, 2012	Notes from the road: Kansas City, MO	Tweet
As the lights came up on the stage of the Sprint Center in Kansas City, Bruce greeted the crowd by saying that “when you come to Kansas City, you can’t resist playing this song – so we’ll play it. The Power Trio’s new album, “For the Love of Money” is out now. You can pre-order it from the band’s website, www.powertrio.com/stefanoffrey. Catch the new album on Spotify, Apple Music, Amazon Music, and Bandcamp.
Marija Jurcina, the guitar player for The Power Trio, is a fine and wonderful singer/songwriter. Her song “I Can’t Make It” was featured in the TV show Dancing With the Stars, and her song “With You” has been featured in movies

Sequence 128:
[SOFT PROMPT]@nes-native-english-services
active 2 days, 19 hours ago
NES – Native English Services started the forum topic Ok…first things first…Why the heck is it that I can't…. in the group How-To and Troubleshooting 2 years, 6 months ago
“Zoom-in” on the buddypress thesaurus. How to get the word on the buddypress thesaurus.
Dinner at the Southside Thai restaurant last night, had a delicious Tom Yum soup and a fantastic root vegetable, so I took a chance and had a dish of the same from the well-known Thai restaurant down the road. It was an absolutely delicious dish. Very tasty and healthy too. What I love about these Thai restaurants is that they have all kinds of different dishes. I love trying out different types of food and how they have different dishes to suit different kinds of palates. I was at a Thai restaurant the other night

Sequence 129:
[SOFT PROMPT]WTF? Author Edits Lincoln
I enjoy Thomas Lowry’s books. I think of them as the People magazine of Civil War literature, and not in a bad way. You can read the books in short bursts, putting them down for a while and returning to them later without losing t,000.001>1) I think Thomas Lowry’s style is superb. He’s a smart, intelligent writer. You can see him as a brilliant writer and an amazing historian in The Wealth of Nations, and you can see him as a brilliant writer in World War I in Soldier’s Pay, and you can see him as a brilliant writer in World War II in Blue Nights.

To me, Lowry’s style is at its best when he writes about what is going on in the world. That’s why I like his books so much. They’re like some kind of

Sequence 130:
[SOFT PROMPT]in Paramus, NJ 07652
Facebook Posts (50 posts)
Facebook
About Me
My name is Jeff Wood. I am a student at the New York Institute of Technology.
My favorite color is red.
I live in Paramus, New Jersey, with my wife, Anne. We live near the NJ Turnpike.
I enjoy all forms of video games. I have a PlayStation 3 and a Nintendo Wii. I love my Xbox 360 and my DVR.
I have been blogging since November 2006.
My site has received more than 3,000,000 page views.
My favorite ice cream is vanilla.
My favorite ice cream

Sequence 131:
[SOFT PROMPT]Winnebago recognized as top motor home manufacturer
Thursday, February 14, 2013 11:10 AM
Winnebago Industries Inc., of Forest City, has been recognized by Statistical
Surveys Inc. as the top performing motor home manufacturer in the country in
2012. In the understanding what a motor home is, you should read the previous posts on this blog. Here are some examples: How to use Google and Yahoo to find a motor home: Click on "motor home" from the main page, or use the search bar at the top of the page to find a motor home. Motor home parts list and information: Motor home parts and information can be found in the part list section of the manufacturer's website. The last part to be added to the list was a post by Ed Marquis on Nov 22, 2012 about getting a factory repair kit. If you are searching for a repair kit, here is the

Sequence 132:
[SOFT PROMPT]CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator Presents at SAALT Conference About |
Activist Corner >> Today is Wednesday, April 16, 2014 CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator Presents at SAALT Conference March 18, 2007 CAIR-Chicago Government Relat,
>
> http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jane-thompson/cair-chicago-i-c_b_3536991.html
>
> Frequently Asked Questions
>
> Q: What is CAIR-Chicago?
> A: CAIR-Chicago is the grassroots arm of the American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR-Chicago).
>
> Q: What are the goals of CAIR-Chicago?
> A: CAIR-Chicago's main goal is to advocate

Sequence 133:
[SOFT PROMPT]California Appellate Report
Thoughts on recent Ninth Circuit and California appellate cases from Professor Shaun Martin at the University of San Diego School of Law.
People v. Cordell (Cal. Ct. App. - June 1, 2011)
It's June. And here's another guy who's n offers up a picture of the conditions inside the California prison where an inmate is being held.
A Washington, D.C. appeals court has ruled that inmates can’t be forced to provide DNA samples to the FBI.
A new study says that prisoners and prison staff are being unnecessarily humiliated. The researchers say that they are in the minority, and the American Civil Liberties Union has appealed the ruling.
At a minimum, the U.S. Supreme Court should allow California prisoners to challenge a policy of not complying with the state’s DNA collection laws, says the researchers.
A Sacramento federal judge is ordering the

Sequence 134:
[SOFT PROMPT]March 7/09 9:24 am - Tour de PEI Returns for 2009Posted by Editor on 03/7/09 The Tour de PEI organizing committee is gearing up for the return of world-class cycling across Prince Edward Island.Tour de PEI, presented by Scotiabank, showcases Prince Edward Nova Scotia’s great scenic bike route that features some of the best mountain biking in the world. In addition to riding the original route, riders will have the opportunity to try some new biking venues and enjoy some amazing scenery along the way. On March 10th, the 10-day event will run from March 6-23, 2009.The new Route de la Forêt will open for riding on March 13th and the first ever mountain bike race will take place on March 16th. This is the first time that the event has taken place on the route.For more information on the Route de la Forêt, please

Sequence 135:
[SOFT PROMPT]The blog that used to be here is now at http://www.taylormarshall.com/2008/08/is-christ-savior-of-his-mother-mary_09.html. NOVEMBER 6, 2008 12:44:35 PM
No one is going to read this and not understand what I am talking about, so let me try to explain it in simple words.In John 1:1-3, God is in the beginning with God the Father. He created everything. And in the beginning was the Word. The Word was God. He said to God: "I am in the beginning with you. I am the first and I am the last. John 3:8 (KJV).And in John 3:10 Jesus said to him: "I am the bread of life."

Sequence 136:
[SOFT PROMPT]Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN)
+ Watch REGN
The Company is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, and intends to commercialize pharmaceutical products for the treatment of serious medical conditions.
pchop123
Submitted: 4/9/20 the 15% of the population for whom no treatment is effective in alleviating symptoms and the other 85% for whom they are effective.
Of the total population of the US, 2% are patients of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN).
In the past 24 months, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN) has increased the following percentage of its patient base:
Patient Base: 2%
In the past 24 months, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN) has decreased the following percentage of its patient

Sequence 137:
[SOFT PROMPT]Christian Apologetics and Research Ministry Gardening by Matt SlickSome people might not think that parenting is a part of apologetics. But, it is. Christian parents have a great deal of influence in what their children think about the Lord. After all, isn More From: http://www.christianapologetics.com/blog/more-from/archives/2014/12/15/narrative-analysis-teaching-kids-to-think-about-god-with-dont-explain-caveats/Favorite Quotes About Teaching Kids to Think About God
By: Matt Slick (August 31, 2014)	Tweet This article was written for Teaching Kids to Think About God, which is the primary place where the parent blog goes. I’ve been doing a lot of parent/teacher interviews lately, and I’

Sequence 138:
[SOFT PROMPT]You Are Here: home / Events on March 2, 2013
Books and Brew Book Club Saturday, March 2, 2013
10:30 AM - 11:30 AM Directions to this location: Woods Run More info... Teen Book Club: Looking for Alaska Saturday, March 2, 2013
Discussions happen the first Sa.The answer is yes. Your name will be printed on the bulletin board. Your name will also be printed on the sign outside the theater. The sign is also printed on the side of the stage. The sign says "Todd (me) and (my) name will be printed on the bulletin board." It is not important who it says it is printed on.The best way to identify your name is to look at the bulletin board. If it says Todd (me) and (my) name, then your name is on the bulletin board. If it says Todd (my) name, then your name

Sequence 139:
[SOFT PROMPT]UNITED STATES v. BRYAN, 339 U.S. 323 (1950)
UNITED STATES v. BRYAN.
CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CIRCUIT. No. 99. Argued December 15, 1949.
Decided May 8, 1950.
Respondent was the executive secretary and hadThe petitioner, who had been a resident of the District of Columbia, was convicted in a District Court on May 2, 1949, of violating the liquor laws. The question before the court was whether he could be held guilty under § 32 of the D.C.Code of 1950, 18 U.S.C. § 2032, which provides: "Whoever is convicted of violating any of the provisions of this subchapter shall be fined not more than $100 or imprisoned not more than two years, or both."
The respondent moved to dismiss the indictment on the ground that § 32 of the D.C.Code of 1950

Sequence 140:
[SOFT PROMPT]~ Friday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 10:1-12Thursday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:41-50Wednesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:38-40Tuesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:30-37Monday of the Seventh Week i last of the Old TestamentSt. Matthew 10:1-10St. Luke 9:1-17Thursday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeSt. John 3:31-35Friday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeSt. John 3:31-35Friday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeSt. John 4:1-11Saturday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeSt. John 4:1-11Saturday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeSt. John 4:1-11Saturday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeSt. John 4:1-11Saturday of the Seventh Week