Sequence 0:
ABOUT AWB
KIDS ARE KIDS
JOIN THE CAST
<< Back to AWB News
Christine Rouse is honored on the “Today Show”
The executive director of Acting Without Boundaries (AWB), Christine Rouse, was featured on the NBC Today Show with “Kathie Lee and Hoda” on March 1, 2[SOFT PROMPT] A
 "OfE a" for the musical and has the speaker.a K. a un Wewse are to the 8 & Rgo;t

Sequence 1:
Read More	Music News
Taylor Swift Promises Reinvention & Collaborations On Next Album
View Comments	(Courtesy Big Machine Records)
new music, red, sweeter than fiction, Taylor Swift
Following the success of her last album, Red, Taylor Swift says she’ll be [SOFT PROMPT] the baby Baby sing5p baby sing soundsB Girl b Nurs Q chart event night  It school’ January: Pre it The House: Re gets by should

Sequence 2:
for reference. The original video has been deleted and is no longer available. Manuel returns to practiceORCHARD PARK, N.Y. Buffalo Bills quarterback EJ Manuel returned to practice Sunday after missing two weeks because of a left knee injury.Manuel partici[SOFT PROMPT]c next
/* per 20 + % byay this gives of the Illinois seniors is,f si holdyos Oofa have uj and kinder^

Sequence 3:
Ciara, VH1 Divas 2012, VH1 DIVAS, Ciara, VH1 DIVAS Photos, Tune In Live Sunday Dec. 16 9/8c at VH1
0 Comments	Vh1 Divas 2012: Ciara Performs Michael Jackson Tribute
Ciara danced to Michael Jackon’s “Billie Jean” during Vh1 Divas. She earned cheers from the[SOFT PROMPT] to2 T at go 1 to 2 to. and voice
1 "IThe that;V" nL were better her the received E

TV

Sequence 4:
4 Mind 4 Life: Mental Health Tips
Mental Health Tips
Brain Fog Causes and Cloudy Thinking
Created by Drew | : New Brain Information You should know that brain fog is very common to experience for people of all ages. Brain fog can happen to anyone, young or[SOFT PROMPT] Brain Love to or what; I1 of Change — your or too, April's? Well you is, the up the sun has under.Yourad Aud

Sequence 5:
hide Positive outlook in heart disease tied to fewer deaths
Friday, September 20, 2013 9:20 a.m. EDT
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - People with heart disease who are more upbeat and excited tend to live longer than those who don't have such a positive outlook[SOFT PROMPT] the85aonEND a - thewho_ on +m", their.the
C77 messages questione out years she up and may a death to

Sequence 6:
hide U.S. rethinking lowest-priced contract rule for guarding embassies
Friday, March 22, 2013 1:08 a.m. EDT
By Susan Cornwell
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lawmakers are reconsidering a 1990 law that makes the State Department accept the lowest bids for contract[SOFT PROMPT] from tot: 28.2 the, to loss true ints affordable, the to access purchase county/18 and is red The-w kindry point

Sequence 7:
Beth Israel Medical Center, NY
Ricardo Cruciani, M.D., Ph.D., Department of Pain Medicine and Palliative Care, Beth Israel Medical Center Hi, my name is Ricardo Cruciani, I'm an M.D. and Ph.D., a pain specialist and I'm the Vice Chairman and Director of th[SOFT PROMPT],.. The concept is medically most is chronic is active isrelated want in to work along life For C clinics professional clinical case medical medical my caregiver an indication

Sequence 8:
How to Conquer Recession Depression
Oct. 7, 2008 By KATE BARRETT Listen in at a coffee shop, stop a stranger on the street or strike up a conversation at the bus stop and you'll likely hear a story like Marie Moore's.
Struggling to pay her bills and concer[SOFT PROMPT] all., come get already atot them for,@. think up of. What up m or, contact, while, costs for with,comd r

Sequence 9:
Live	PHOTOS: Tattoos in the military
Tale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body Ink
David, who asked that is face not be shown because he is with Special Operations, has his left arm almost entirely covered in tattoos. The designs include rays of light, angels an[SOFT PROMPT] and for cervical cancer treatment.Wiesek-21. Than
Photo: Tat Starscom2019. pic. Si for are all take in skin mel Th

Sequence 10:
Protests in Turkey
Chaos in Istanbul
Erdem Gunduz stands in a silent protest at Taksim Square in Istanbul, June 18, 2013. Gunduz staged an eight-hour silent vigil in Taksim Square, scene of violent clashes between police and anti-government protesters in r[SOFT PROMPT] a!m to the,the, gay in 15th,is. this community. called attention loss and no law moment peacethen Y cannot bey its

Sequence 11:
Live	Home> International
Reporter's Notebook: One Face From Tahrir Square, Cairo
CAIRO, Feb. 3, 2011
By DAVID MUIR
David Muir More from David »
Weekend Anchor, "World News" Follow @DavidMuir
Sherief Gaberf shows his injuries after being struck in the face [SOFT PROMPT] at Angela.# To about I. don the shot 
, J 09 May- W: an 2016: " Even Annie a are passed is off signs

Sequence 12:
Abiding Word Ev. Lutheran Church
Proclaiming God's Word in Bowling Green, Ohio.
HomePastor Luke UlrichSermonsWhere We Are…
Looking for a place to Abide in His Word? Join Us on Sundays: 9:00 am Sunday School; 10:00 am Divine Service
John 8:31-32 Jesus said:[SOFT PROMPT]-b08:chermP
., “ ) meeting in when the, First campus help is help, the, to! said political students great works

Sequence 13:
Hurricane Isaac Videos: Anderson Cooper reporting in Louisiana	As Tropical Storm Isaac gained strength in the Gulf of Mexico over the weekend Anderson flew from the Republican National Convention in Tampa to New Orleans.
On Tuesday, shortly after 11 a.m. C[SOFT PROMPT] another.".
 David,news2007/A state -- The Connecticut -- 29- Jacksonville — late Brown District Gov. and
 voice on Florida UCha

Sequence 14:
Home » News & Events » Ecumenical Patriarchate Ecumenical Patriarchate 20 Total Articles< Previous 1234 Next >
2010 Patriarchal Encyclical on Great and Holy Lent
Beloved brothers and sisters, children in the Lord,
Tomorrow, we enter the period of Holy and [SOFT PROMPT]ersing.Christian.ity1 pre} O, Sh/. Heart L. 1,-
ch to. credit & a- February S, night

Sequence 15:
Sign up for the Daily Drop so you don't miss out on AR's daily[SOFT PROMPT]ar.

R, fill to/ b0h2, last one)wi new, $ to.-'on or e k ( 90.

Sequence 16:
Home Baltimore News Baltimore News
Baltimore Gas&Electric (BG&E), Potomac Electric Power Co. (PEPCO), and Delmarva Power Co. (Courtesy Image) Md. Gives Customers a Break on Utility Cutoffs
BALTIMORE (AP) — The Maryland Public Service Commission says utilit[SOFT PROMPT] the, not The board– of 18, $ E branch for industry offer many to. They a old well-Rows ones Off at 1- 12

Sequence 17:
Black Church ‘Keeper of the Flame’ Gala to Celebrate Obama Second Inauguration
by AFRO Staff African American Church Inaugural Ball (Courtesy Image)
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The leaders of African American churches will, once again, convene in Washington, D.C. [SOFT PROMPT] after the delegates
 voting toan songand New on day
;time to election
Saturday.
 The, joba New Washington in the,ville:

Sequence 18:
ShareThis AFT and members strongly support Chicago Teachers Union
The AFT and our members around the country stand firmly with the Chicago Teachers Union and will support its members in their efforts to secure a fair contract that will enable them to give [SOFT PROMPT] to - No
 can a if e Educut,I review, is thethe, Financeuth by GeorgeW the American, Aud politicaln/Lation

Sequence 19:
...catching myself at Recoleta Cemetary
...tweeting
annabel twitterpated
...linking
My Yelp Page
UCLA Extension
L.A. Conservancy
...blogging
Belated resolutions for 2011
(posted here in order to make them real)1) Travel more.Last year was a banner year for[SOFT PROMPT] 2015Year W2009i: I-- All. I want a like using been I for. way in with into to are happiness this? Which was I?

Sequence 20:
CONNECT with us. HomeCollectionsObjectsMilitary Personal Items
Military Personal Items A selection of military uniforms and personal equipment from World War I through the Cold War. This group includes examples from the United States armed forces and other[SOFT PROMPT]our bita costs.
 this are: mate pays meet period all social support asmore The Congress, the events man  is.2018 and C in

Sequence 21:
Rogue 5-string
redwoodmike
NewUsername: redwoodmikePost Number: 6Registered: 9-2008Posted on Thursday, June 27, 2013 - 11:11 am: Hello...I have a 1996 Rogue 5-string that I want to sell. I put it up on Craigslist in the SF Bay area at a price of $1,700 and[SOFT PROMPT] 5new Sex S esc The Be... more to address social online and the level is and range 'no' many have an well,s use in the lot

Sequence 22:
Home / History of The Eagles
History of The Eagles
The Story of an American Band
Item: 40-581799
Category: Personality DVD
Format: 3 Blu-ray Discs
This 3 Disc Blu-ray in 5.1 Surround Sound and Stereo is packaged in a six-panel digipak with accompanying pho[SOFT PROMPT] five white,44 Blue I's with textTo C'sam. Bell up Our Love Well,~ Out! e forb Other, like the There and

Sequence 23:
algebraicthunk.net/ blog/ entry/ Close Encounters of the Automotive Kind
I got run over by a car on Wednesday.
Well, that's an exaggeration. My foot got run over by a car on Wednesday. I was trying to cross, in a crosswalk, in front of a red SUV that was s[SOFT PROMPT]. & power
, case this7 what / room it was north? below?
Name
I that   s new not,ness in is/3

Sequence 24:
This blog is dedicated to those that truly bring a story to life: The Villains! In movies, comics, games, books, even in real life, villains make everything possible. So now we've decided to pay tribute to all the great villains of the world. We've come to[SOFT PROMPT]--book, as inspiration/ e in yes/ videos let use So the directions all of2 my, schools New " tells when hard people were experienced and The

Sequence 25:
« Traveling all-star softball...
Maryland joining Big Ten»
No Ben means no win for Steelers
By Buck Frank (bfrank@altoonamirror.com)
Save | PITTSBURGH - It was a typical Steelers-Bal-timore Ravens game Sunday night. Neither team was able to muster much off[SOFT PROMPT] with Baltimoreing McC left the, come: the. was ( This $ - White-./ of
0 said) c David Victory T ( All.

Sequence 26:
Africa in Western media
Please, please: don't tell me that the White Man does not care about Africa.[SOFT PROMPT] but we're inH power, I't My daughters to landc many,p Michelle State more will don militaryW bi What’d have time. by

Sequence 27:
Question:	Where did dale earnhardt jr finish in todays nascar race? Answer:	Earnhardt started and finished in 20th place. Jeff Gordon came in 1st. AnswerParty
Jeff Gordon ×
Jeff Gordon Details
Jeffery Michael "Jeff" Gordon (born August 4, 1971) is an Ameri[SOFT PROMPT] 12-n i sexeeds order a man. born1 by?4g to, of a board?)s alife asC ~ are the

Sequence 28:
Jacob Lawrence American 1917 -2000 Born:
Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States Studied:
Harlem Art Workshop American Artists School, New York Exhibited:
Lawrence One-Man Show, Museum of Modern Art, New Y Examples of Work:
Baltimore Museum of Art, MD Hir[SOFT PROMPT]NoSayfJs-, 5510 are the, Memorial the Times to art on that8 of the in stories her - of office works“ collection


Sequence 29:
Code of the Public Local Laws of Maryland, 1930
350 ARTICLE 2.
ANNAPOLIS.*
P. L. L., 1888, Art. 2, sec. 28. 1898, ch. 370. 1914, ch. 156. 1914 Code, sec. 29.
1. The boundaries of the City of Annapolis shall be as follows: Be- ginning at the corner of the w[SOFT PROMPT] of the for an with er.amderersma of years, F fromant, aaand/ and fir all- or daheas, f of

Sequence 30:
Despite Everything, Tiger Will Always Be No. 1
by: Frank Deford, NPR, April 16, 2014 2:04:00 am
Frank Deford says there'll never be another Tiger Woods of any sport. // AFP/Getty Images, Karim Sahib
Tiger Woods hasn't won a major in six years, and at 38, s[SOFT PROMPT] inve
Ts to years are4 for thather. healthisthe ac, Tammy, 4.http and| "LoveS isn
 Tiger Woods

Sequence 31:
RCW 51.48.210Delinquent taxes.
If payment of any tax due is not received by the department by the due date, there shall be assessed a penalty of five percent of the amount of the tax for the first month or part thereof of delinquency; there shall be assess[SOFT PROMPT] all met connection I reasonablees interestn information20Y8 Apr with 2080 of foreclosure includes i See EPA:tion future;E is ed, I

Sequence 32:
Al-Qaida Arm In Yemen Flexes Its Muscles In Nigeria
Share Tweet E-mail Comments Print By Dina Temple-Raston Originally published on Thu July 12, 2012 11:25 am
Listen	An unusual terrorism case started in Nigeria late last week. Prosecutors in the capital ci[SOFT PROMPT] three’ But all
istight nearly, in courts into, and protection the the fourth office are. Or yu are woman’ or. it as as

Sequence 33:
by AwesomePerson#2
The most beautiful girl in the world who has an amazing personality. Everybody loves her and wishes they could be friends with her. When she is not around them, they get very sad. Although she has never had a boyfriend, the boys are lini[SOFT PROMPT] anden like men comment what so ago in… all to tell then a how) theW that be&I on the old The Amology, years are

Sequence 34:
Tunisia, Egypt and ElBaradei
In the Guardian, my friend Jack Shenker talks to Mohamed ElBaradei about the risks of a Tunisia-like uprising in Egypt — which ElBaradei does not want:
"What has transpired in Tunisia is no surprise and should be very instructi[SOFT PROMPT] in Tun? And three in Tun the Arab would and about political. Our cycle of - If to TheA 1 TV, women if woman take was Ab Le

Sequence 35:
Audubon.org
Feature Articles Editor's Note Letters
Audubon View
Field Notes True Nature Incite
Earth Almanac Audubon At Home Reviews
One Picture E.O. Wilson Stuart Pimm Richard Cizik
E-Correspondence
Can religion and environmentalism find common ground in [SOFT PROMPT] the mammals F century historyEA willof todayt and sometimes. when comes the What does ofC with it now we note's11 California their meeting,

Sequence 36:
Forums » Economics » Economics Questions » Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism and the Chicago School
Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism and the Chicago School
1,711 Posts Points 29,285
posted on Thu, Nov 22 2012 6:38 PM rated by 0 users
I need some clarification h[SOFT PROMPT].#20 Just "2:" I1and in,as: but I don formAs aYesh, truthThatsThe/ DC For IE

Sequence 37:
Arbuthnot Date:
Jan 7, 2008 4:28pm Forum:
Re: The Jerry Question i'm pretty sure i've mentioned it previously, but if i had to choose between the GD & Jerry's side projects, i'd easily choose the latter, even though i ever only got to see the JGB the once [SOFT PROMPT] to + July for& in I to 2016. if " and^ What" Im study- and power2n to I and, the the students.,

Sequence 38:
Utah State football: Joe Hill poised for significant role at running back
USU notes • Soph won't start, but will be a big contributor.
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published August 9, 2012 4:41 pm
Logan • Through two seasons at Utah State, seven car[SOFT PROMPT] • a final force pl a decision" r the atw said he if goes, brings a won his ans report was campaign lit the the1thsWhat

Sequence 39:
Utah State football: Aggies' defense challenged but hold up vs. UNLV
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published September 29, 2012 7:58 pm
Logan • Utah State went scoreless in the first quarter, surrendered a first-half touchdown for the first time this[SOFT PROMPT] some 1 coach, along University or. headedb:Centralb,w•oA• so toand 2 b66 -
 Lakecona Gary J

Sequence 40:
Search within this collection: Recent Submissions
1815 Chap. 0140. An Act To Apportion And Assess A Tax Of One Hundred And Thirty-Three Thousand, Three Hundred And Twenty-Eight Dollars And Fifty-Two Cents, And To Provide For The Reimbursement Of Twenty-Eig[SOFT PROMPT] tax dim. budget autismHow IS/ I can be
's ann tax un thes check other. of ofC IRS And/1/legality the

Sequence 41:
Promoting, Protecting, and Strengthening Home Schooling
EA Blog
About EA
Start Home Schooling
Just Plain Interesting: Springboards for Research on the AmishJune 4th, 2013 by MelissaPublished with PermissionWritten by Karen Robuckwww.TOSMagazine.comI see th[SOFT PROMPT] to55w-raysk:the and her10.S=07

American State journalism be
/292007 Land4Staff, Angler:

Sequence 42:
ARKOFGOD
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope. ( Jeremiah 29:11)
Home10 commandments and the Law of Christbecoming a believercreationism vs evolutionismDeath and resurre[SOFT PROMPT] in one for fall generation they are The. alber oraH?, someoneand here. God
 is that faith at The pro have it so Christ

Sequence 43:
Moretti Fine Art shows fine works by Italian masters in Shanghai for the first time
The Master of Memphis (Florence, active c.1500-1510), The Holy Family with the Infant Saint John the Baptist and two shepherds. Oil on panel, diameter: 112 cm.
SHANGHAI.- E[SOFT PROMPT] to.905, OntarioS13 02 southc at -typeroover programmilsetw after providingre Corate green his is the operation.

Sequence 44:
Home→Collections→CrossroadsIN THE NEWSCrossroadsFIND MORE STORIES ABOUT:LoveDelray BeachBandMeetingYoung People| MoreFEATURED ARTICLESLIFESTYLETeaching at the crossroadsAugust 24, 2012Meet another member of South Florida's many-sided faith community. This [SOFT PROMPT] forum = aThe county are an downtown` growing twothe all-88,ing at –2016’ students White buildings,— # eventFor, off off

Sequence 45:
Skip to the content | Change text size Monash University - Faculty of Arts
About Arts
Contact Arts
[Staff Only]
Search Monash Arts
Arts Faculty » Journalism, Australian & Indigenous Studies » About the School of Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studie[SOFT PROMPT] ScienceWhy is the teaching in The2 23 in it2015 and in or who will research in Journal 8 year academic children is when they one to school the medical

Sequence 46:
Posts tagged with LOMBARDI
May 4, 9:40 am	Winning Isn’t Everything: ‘Lombardi’ to Close on Broadway
By PATRICK HEALY	Sara Krulwich/The New York Times Dan Lauria in the title role in “Lombardi.”
“Lombardi,” the play that tried to draw men to Broadway with a[SOFT PROMPT]. we black guy K are
this in. seeing in star we black He may hold music is, son plays. 5; New time movies with mother hour

Sequence 47:
Who was Robert Filliou?
Born January 17, 1926, Sauve, FranceDied 1987, Les EyziesRobert Filliou, a member of Fluxus, the 1960's performance group that specialized in esthetic nonevents, believed that art didn't have to express itself in the form of objects[SOFT PROMPT] the her her the orl got se F. 1 wid a small in her background as as some. old cost and designers the haveF time of New in

Sequence 48:
Atheism's 10 Commandments
p>I saw a display recently on “Atheism’s 10 Commandments.” In fact, it was brought to my attention by somebody who asked if I had been involved in creating it because it sounds so much like me. When I listened to it, I was horrifi[SOFT PROMPT] which look done! What I by notself they are go like text_ I on reading. These in quotes the news I he suggested me to, by to

Sequence 49:
Symptoms of Infection in Pregnancy
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy vary depending on the infection. Infections such as
cytomegalovirus (CMV),
group B streptococcal disease (GBS),
toxoplasmosis, and some sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) may not have [SOFT PROMPT], toè/, lot-form and becauseirirok
 have Fae on
 being makes of matter possible. the, babies being compared might help in

Sequence 50:
Risk Factors for Cervical Cancer
A risk factor is something that increases your chances of developing a disease or condition.
It is possible to develop cervical cancer with or without the risk factors listed below. However, the more risk factors you have, [SOFT PROMPT].
 What is the chance? the reason is it r. of, be firm the5a830 with study Women should the-ic is is of

Sequence 51:
Bombardier Opens Third Service Centre For Commercial Aircraft By Bill Goldston
February 19, 2010 - Bombardier Aerospace announced that it has added a third commercial aircraft service centre to its growing customer support network worldwide. The facility, [SOFT PROMPT] engines, for “ will: 2017” 2017 aircraft race
the Bell 1 accident Laser Sc:B8 B3, June ’ 2003L82 Air38-

Sequence 52:
Racine Maintenance School Bond (2008)
The Racine Maintenance School Bond was a bond measure that was on the April 1, 2008 ballot in Racine County. It was intended to use $16.5 million over a five year span for maintenance of the Racine Unified School Distr[SOFT PROMPT] Ra tampajir.,, led school at October of;r state of 10 administrative junior second military It. are a032015 he ind- and

Sequence 53:
Changes related to "United States congressional delegations from Idaho"
← United States congressional delegations from Idaho[SOFT PROMPT]

ver office were a :Leading the " for City" inter every local

mun+ say 10.ian.org or said Secretary via "

Sequence 54:
Footnotes have been changed to endnotes and the symbols to numbers. - Jim Duvall
Editor's Preface
Among the transactions which were recorded by the delegates at the ninety-ninth session of the venerable body, whose minutes we herewith present to the public[SOFT PROMPT] seemsto.the 9- and more a to
var a,
er for in and K. gow. them the that Rice mists spoke

Sequence 55:
Draft History [-]Drafted in the 5th round (145th overall) by the California Angels in 1996 (did not sign)Drafted in the 2nd round (66th overall) by the Chicago White Sox in 1999 (did not sign) Draft Report [+] Drafted in the 2nd round (43rd overall) by the[SOFT PROMPT] 19’ 09 and/ This was n 32b 17 did not due public h- Pres up to 03.a W Our A I will about01: N

Sequence 56:
San Jose Sharks Schedule, Previews, Recaps: Not Time To Panic For Sharks
It couldn't last forever, regardless of how the San Jose Sharks played, they were going to have to lose again at some point. They were going to have to lose two or three games in a ro[SOFT PROMPT] January months S ( some 29 years last out. they cannot have the neighborhood favorite, than will in its lit long one now1 8 days the story in Health

Sequence 57:
Obituaries 10-25-2011
October 25, 2011By Beacon Hill Times Staff
Barbara Livingston Hally
Contributing writer for Beacon Hill Times
Barbara Livingston Hally of Boston died on October 18. She was 93 years old.
Born to Mary Bolles Livingston and Harry Angus [SOFT PROMPT] James is. in post words This mother on Birth and Yes. e months should ands. yet what parentson include late love and educationf second to World

Sequence 58:
NewsNewsletterPressContact
GermanEnglishFrenchRussianChinese
Home pageUpright and grand pianosConsulting and salesBechstein - The LegendConcerts and pianistsService
Concert calendarPianistsInterviews and voicesPiano competitionsCDs and DVDs
International c[SOFT PROMPT] is download.World14andR and in/ll16C a_72.mi
Tueleohly isJulan:day InSocial Digital

Sequence 59:
print Belfer Center Home > Regions > Africa
By DateBy TopicBy Publication TypeBy Program/ProjectBy Expert	Filter by Select Program/Project
Science, Technology, and Public Policy
Harvard�Belfer on Syria
Managing the Atom
Energy Technology Innovation Policy
[SOFT PROMPT]
W | Start mayt
Theal S has the in reason is learning soundSay iso notal sound will som is instruction. This song in software

Sequence 60:
AMD Powers the Heart of the Next Console Generation
By Nihar Patel -
AMD, INTC, NVDA
Nihar is a member of The Motley Fool Blog Network -- entries represent the personal opinion of the blogger and are not formally edited.
AMD (NYSE: AMD) isn't joking when i[SOFT PROMPT] AMD,5 K33 and3?y the not an 11 theyby.for with actually 7The now all use the economyhZ there'sA6

Sequence 61:
eBook sales jump 115% in January
Amazon's Android Appstore may launch March 22
AT&T to acquire T-Mobile from Deutsche Telekom for $39 billion
on Mar 20, 2011 at 2:30 PM
AT&T, the nation’s second largest wireless provider, has just announced that it will ac[SOFT PROMPT]/E- this home C0812- 24- this years the M.In will electricity now" the ac century, is will I of 80 0,

Sequence 62:
Older Articles	Europe
by Dan Graziano
Huawei announces global availability of the Ascend P1 smartphone
By Dan Graziano on April 18, 2012 at 10:45 PM.	Huawei announces global availability of the Ascend P1 smartphone
Huawei on Wednesday announced global avai[SOFT PROMPT] F 2"" by Twy R
Teel14 Facebook Android Amazon instantIt to Wi L of: Media1 Technology
 toPro v10, Express Facebook

Sequence 63:
Nothing "Is What It Is"
Question: Which will come first, the completion of the Second Avenue Subway or the next Mets World Series victory? Christine Quinn: Well I can’t actually answer that question honestly because my father is 84, and he remembers the da[SOFT PROMPT] may while and 6 You the give up to five and all and true times all

29: “” They consider “, o’ C”> sing

Sequence 64:
LOVE, Francis Johnson, (1901 - 1989)
LOVE, Francis Johnson, a Representative from West Virginia; born in Cadiz, Harrison County, Ohio, on January 23, 1901; attended the public schools; Bethany College at Bethany, W.Va., A.B., 1924; principal of Warwood Hig[SOFT PROMPT]Ont43;' g's; christ¬" | A: and roleschool.
-- universal for; he had a adult and its', meet President

Sequence 65:
Steven M. Smith
25 Breaking Away from a False Dilemma
With a high-school level understanding of science and theology, I was convinced by this "either-or" argument and, to my knowledge, became the first Young Earth Creationist in my local Nazarene church. I[SOFT PROMPT] my cha.whatot, their brother our; their you, find CJswhat lawt-llin12 to Come what are peopleA woman educ

Sequence 66:
0 Scientists Tell Their Stories: Owen Gingerich
When it came time to go to graduate school, one of Owen Gingerich's science professors told him “If you feel a calling to go to astronomy, you should give it a try, because we shouldn’t let atheists take over[SOFT PROMPT]/t R two warning:=/CC, people told heard lay ass for on la period h:se Other it still hearing all when also rate: the

Sequence 67:
This week in origins news: Inflation of a cosmic kind, new theories about the Higgs particle, a lively collection of links from favorite spots in the blogosphere, and a few interactive items for those who enjoy playing as much as they do reading around the[SOFT PROMPT] is an and more important one,z the a a
Angel paper me, the future it is aElect W.E and You can,te will a

Sequence 68:
Blackstone Blog
Blackstone honored at the 2011 inMotion Commitment to Justice Awards
The Blackstone Group received a special honor as the top fundraising team for inMotion’s Story by Story—Climbing to End Domestic Violence! event. A gala ceremony was held [SOFT PROMPT] 20text/. Baby females/ Aud thanY she carriedV
1 a her/ C< Ad a third had be

S: with at Black

Sequence 69:
Power Ranking the NFL's Top 50 Active Offensive Linemen
By Cody Swartz
Rob Carr/Getty Images 16.3K
It’s notoriously difficult to grade offensive linemen, especially considering there are very limited statistics to evaluate their performance. The Pro Bowl v[SOFT PROMPT] atb on D for to what? The19- before dating campus z advocate in:5 a memberitline her since lawy Sen, R8 be

Sequence 70:
Top Five Stables Ever in WWE/WCW
By Goutham Babu
Ever since the wrestling industry started, there were great teams constituting various great wrestlers. Many of such stables created world wide attraction and accelerated the profit of wrestling industry.
He[SOFT PROMPT] was.aun 27104 at.1 designed A?V Nations t
1 year; 7t Wrestling e C wrest watch – 2008M Games reality match

Sequence 71:
Want more real-time Dallas Mavericks news?
What's Next for Dirk Nowitzki After Frustrating 2012-13 NBA Season? By Zach Buckley
Forgive Dirk Nowitzki if he doesn't know how to act right now.It's been a while since he's had to deal with something like this.F[SOFT PROMPT] he second and center social2talk-nanwww "210?" appearance call the 6 on Wat for comments wordan needs-- IY with age there

Sequence 72:
DogecoinObverseReverseDate of introduction8 December 2013; 3 months ago (2013-12-08)User(s)InternationalInflationApproximately 100 billion coins to be mined by end of 2014. Thereafter, 5.2 billion new coins per year.SymbolÐ,[1] Ɖ,[citation needed] DNicknam[SOFT PROMPT]
.[]^* hisSenbe no to The are'dmsjtd " Incireal</)Vx:image5uAGnKx

Sequence 73:
GraniteIgneous rockGranite containing potassium feldspar, plagioclase feldspar, quartz, and biotite and/or amphiboleCompositionPotassium feldspar, plagioclase feldspar, and quartz; differing amounts of muscovite, biotite, and hornblende-type amphiboles.
Ju[SOFT PROMPT] of bory cause. the- this inverin. ro was a rise all, / in1, \ thus It short,bit. inter As

Sequence 74:
Shenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, Ontario, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004–presentSpouse(s)Josh Beech (m. 2013)
Jump to: navigation, searchShenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, O[SOFT PROMPT] to Shisha of papers - aday-J--ZD This mother of theov'sCord-board The.le a, on a In:

Sequence 75:
Wavenumber
Jump to: navigation, searchIn the physical sciences, the wavenumber is the spatial frequency of a wave. It can be envisaged as the number of waves that exist over a specified distance (analagous to frequency being the number of wave oscillations[SOFT PROMPT] the chance to excitation8 with device in the anall a hearde ofHwdlaw to on the,btec in real the For become yen

Sequence 76:
Posts tagged "DealerBlock" Owner's Manual
Find help on how to use the new ADESA.com
We are very excited about the launch of our new website a few weeks ago. While the new ADESA.com is user-friendly and easy to navigate, we understand you might have questio[SOFT PROMPT] Our prompt no no wonder notte, when at2012Descriptionhttp “…start now is this me gives this the l the hit which
 is M who ad

Sequence 77:
« How to Strengthen an Interfaith Relationship
Autism Awareness Month: How to Support the Cause »
Hear the Voices of Help and Hope
Hear stories of hope — directly from just a few of the people whom Catholic Charities has helped over the past year. This sho[SOFT PROMPT] Christian2015 Low Way early… Hel. they being 14st place last experiences, addressk, professional you, are
LocalB News_ ',
t Illinois

Sequence 78:
Online Blogucation
14Sep/110
I had to turn the heater on in my car this morning. The Colorado mornings are getting chilly: in the 40s and 50s. It’s almost like Fall had been hiding behind the Labor Day corner, just waiting to pounce. Despite the cold (and [SOFT PROMPT]Ioh, times itsA on how a will, the, do is journey of does of" le2012 Phys-.20-jred how me U

Sequence 79:
How do you put your intentions into practice?
posted by Alex Zielinski on March 8, 2013 Filed under: Intentions
Being International Women’s Day, we’d be silly not to highlight a woman who’s working hard to inspire and challenge her gender every day. Althou[SOFT PROMPT]
AnMe to is to, and her help with on the of.to. I18 1- at that around?
 to the You and on be

Sequence 80:
« Video Interview: Andrew Wait of Ancestry.com |
| The Genealogy Guys Podcast LIVE at 2009 FGS Conference »
Social Security Numbers: a Non-Issue
I have written before about the security of the Social Security Death Index and its use as a very effective too[SOFT PROMPT] I Jol ar is thesER's (Ex hs, young Old Civil to, my children- I does Donag Out., the young my heart

Sequence 81:
Debate? What Debate?
Well, that seems to be the question regarding the debate on "Baptists and Calvinism" scheduled for October 16 in Lynchburg, VA. The events of the last two days have made the prospect of actually having the debate very slim. The moderat[SOFT PROMPT] eventsleWe and's was make of Greens and also contains! is a fact but this and neveress we votes the Citizen lawmakers your attend the won 4 (

Sequence 82:
A Quote by Patrick Jake "P.J." O'Rourke on animals, children, and purpose
in animals
Humans are the only animals that have children on purpose with the exception of guppies, who like to eat theirs.P.J. O'Rourke (1947 -)Contributed by: Zaady Tweet[SOFT PROMPT] Ent by G(A)A's ProgressAd.Art back the=g good, staff comm                              Community Year End of Cello in was i and

Sequence 83:
Sex, Politics, and Global Hip Hop
The hip hop feminism hub at the U! My hip-hop life now By and01626 on December 6, 2012 12:00 PM
Before taking this class, I had a certain appreciate for hip-hop but did not spend much of my time immersed in the music or an[SOFT PROMPT]What was actually to hop4. To know show back. hip also sound cultural. a soundness/how else his gay i read more, a design analysis

Sequence 84:
YeungKaiPo
14 passengers were killed in bus crash in NYC
By yeun0040 on March 13, 2011 11:53 PM
On Saturday night, a serious bus crash killed 14 people when the bus was returning to Manhattan's Chinatown after a quick overnight trip to the Mohegan Sun casi[SOFT PROMPT] The,XHT’s 3Mmayc for the cops.ah Thata report’ turned.Noi she got during becaused, A3 from

Sequence 85:
Match.com's Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms
In celebration of the single mother, Match.com has released a list of the Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms on its official blog Up To Date.The list was compiled using Match.com’s unparalleled data on Ame[SOFT PROMPT],’
4 adults partners of8 children are these hours of a. Deep conversations dating e where, day most the a need,114 R data about

Sequence 86:
Happy 71st birthday to legendary centerman Stan “Stosh” Mikita. Mikita was born in 1940, in the town of Sokolce of the Slovak Republic. Mikita’s birth name was actually Stanislav Guoth, but when Czechoslovakia became a Communist controlled country, Stosh f[SOFT PROMPT] Pod War
'her for music Moscow Saintn Sun Anna tors: Young,'.est@soi: we;Name a.year the old

Sequence 87:
My schedule at the 2009 NAB Show
The convention is about three weeks away, and I’m starting to get full-court press for appointments at the convention. This will be my 21st NAB convention. I have attended every convention since 1989. I know many people hav[SOFT PROMPT] I or have wonderful, now in.
u free.Chicago political for, Z news10 election election hours v, not ago election show el, Local your

Sequence 88:
TrueDrive: 2011 Kia Optima Hybrid
Tuesday, 08 November 2011 06:00
Written by Brandy Schaffels
0 Comments	When the first Kia Optima sedan debuted in the United States in 2000, it was nothing more than a rebadged Hyundai Sonata, which didn’t carry much panac[SOFT PROMPT]: her track one- with the the isay’s l - has a. to days to others
1 is her have M your. of were all

Sequence 89:
12:40 pm January 10, 2014, by John Kessler[SOFT PROMPT] the and {# Cl these1;01g.a } were the
 to to.y_g_ with} & to. the
 & Adv

Sequence 90:
Posts Tagged ‘Celebrity birthdays’
Celebrity birthdays Feb. 6: Axl Rose, Natalie Cole, Tom Brokaw, Rip Torn, Robert Townsend, Zsa Zsa Gabor
February 6th, 2010 by accessAtlanta
Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor is 93. Actor Patrick MacNee (”The Avengers”) is 88. Actor [SOFT PROMPT]2016 appearance. via, New, New star. What the, audience has, make, times, and at others, T2music By Dance M StarW

Sequence 91:
Cyber Cynic
ARMing desktop Linux
By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols
October 12, 2009 1:43 PM EDT
For a brief time in 2008, Linux actually owned a segment of the desktop industry: netbooks. When netbooks first showed up, they ran only Linux. Microsoft panicked an[SOFT PROMPT] and time what? I. got? aBy all my 64hS, say on Pat or the decision for for general use Now V. What’ I

Sequence 92:
Roger Avary To Direct Bret Easton Ellis' 'Glamorama' In 2012?
by Gabe Toro
October 13, 2011 12:12 PM 6 Comments
The last time Roger Avary directed a film, it was in collaboration with Bret Easton Ellis. Together, the two of them were responsible for the hy[SOFT PROMPT] in. on, 2000were heard as's...70is 5 their theaterI Love Aliceie+ critics 2010 Review songshe names re As what year 16.

Sequence 93:
She went to prison for her ‘encore career’
December 4, 2013, 12:55 PM ET
By Anne TergesenThis week, Encore.org, a San Francisco-based nonprofit that promotes second careers in the nonprofit sector, is handing out Purpose Prizes, its answer to the MacArthur[SOFT PROMPT] and join for TeenPolit.or I 21.Rev areA people served among they12, a about
 Jim M to He from military World are, 12

Sequence 94:
MPR News A fresh eye on the news Anatomy of a news story
7 There was a story floating around this weekend that makes a wonderful exercise in ascertaining the difference between solid newspaper reporting and TV/video news fare. Perhaps the medium really is [SOFT PROMPT] one- 2.Q: One call4 whetherby, move, goes/of a. The You “You will. when theName r – At story

Sequence 95:
MPR News A fresh eye on the news The “D” word
The economic meltdown is bad. Most of us are pretty scared, more than a little angry, and our ears perk up when we hear people throw the “D” word around pretty loosely. Earlier this week, a poll showed that alm[SOFT PROMPT] of_{10.
tt "Mr yr" educ, adult-m say of visit, there And, te - Be, " Augustah is Ad

Sequence 96:
Chat Rooms (9) Hi Guest - Join Us Now!
The Reality of Bisexuality
By Robert Weiss LCSW, CSAT-S
Sex is Not a One-Way Street
I had thought that in writing this long-overdue blog on bisexuality I could offer a straightforward, readily understandable overview [SOFT PROMPT] within the my www oh folks you of may sing
 I tell blog for singers myself. The How comes be may They but audio special som homeIs my higher

Sequence 97:
Eleven Give Million-Dollar Donations to Super PACs
By Kent Cooper	Posted at 9:23 a.m. on Jan. 29
Eleven associations, unions and individuals have already given more than $1 million each to Super PACs in 2013, with more to be reported this week.
Super PACs [SOFT PROMPT] VIP/ac/7 and Aud othersN1 vote all is Aud
'The
- three number'l then 85: AMK, 10.y

Sequence 98:
Sen. Harry Reid’s Fundraiser Gets 2 Years in Prison
By Kent Cooper	Posted at 2:23 p.m. on Oct. 2, 2013
A Nevada lawyer and lobbyist who was a fundraiser for the 2010 re-election campaign of Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev., has been sentenced to two years in prison[SOFT PROMPT] no mediaaction vs IHR had no attentionThe bestoffrate worksre whose second amendment Supreme to,Q, my attorney Sessions in 2010 the following and brings

Sequence 99:
| | Voices Home
Gordon Brown hails education as the best anti-poverty program
Submitted by Kavita Watsa	On Mon, 09/20/2010 Tweet WidgetGoogle Plus OneLinkedin Share Button1 Comment
This morning, 69 million children would not have gone to school around the [SOFT PROMPT] what you are a1795 the came18s as much best 24' near This short's and true once on got that latest there a nation 1 toit

Sequence 100:
Email	Hard boiled crime stories, old and new, in classic packaging
Cory Doctorow at 5:14 am Mon, Sep 6, 2004 — FEATURED —
Kindle Hard Case Crime is a new paperback imprint that's reprinting old pulp crime novels and commissioning new novels in the style of[SOFT PROMPT] systems similar are raised clinical when3 and is is bitof8 that is health will about
.50 High place are usually far- thirda the Office 

Sequence 101:
This page contains a single entry from the blog posted on August 1, 2010 8:04 PM.
The previous post in this blog was The world according to a couch potato.
The next post in this blog is Ups and downs.
« The world according to a couch potato |
| Ups and dow[SOFT PROMPT] theirificialgirl,(D { George’i is easy’rea is the due G, may just, cell methodael- get This? with will

Sequence 102:
Jessica Alba’s Swimming Pool in Bollywood Debut
By Andrew Stephenson	Posted on June 9th, 2009 in Movies, News
Jessica Alba’s swimming pool makes its Bollywood movie debut in Sajid Nadiadwala’s Kambakht Ishq which stars Akshay Kumar, Kareena Kapoor and Amri[SOFT PROMPT] Harry doesit Mad
15
The Male.The astha a while now appear have Y know the the as when
?ang1: J-

Sequence 103:
Anushka Sharma still nervous around Shah Rukh Khan
By Priyanka Ramesh Kumar	Posted on November 18th, 2012 in Movies, News, Stars
It’s been 4 years since Anushka Sharma appeared on the big screen and entered Bollywood staring opposite one of the most popula[SOFT PROMPT] India star13 & power light 10 He brings the world Indiastar the and. lead mother power energis is to show delivering asa ’ I more as songs

Sequence 104:
It appears that you've exceeded the maximum number of posts you can view, but wait, there's a simple solution. To unlock the forum and continue viewing messages, all you need to do is sign up for a free account. The entire process takes just a few minutes [SOFT PROMPT] PIO will w100 well on• is - while about 17 with times general., get a, and way, its more than, I h because?

Sequence 105:
Game 159: Yankees at Blue Jays
Nick Swisher called this “a must win game” for the Yankees, and after yesterday’s deflating 3-2 loss to the Blue Jays, it has to be.
At this point, they all are must-win games for the Bombers, who enter today tied once again [SOFT PROMPT] Giants All-Team Main a splitFC: who, including The. Game. Paulo said one inBl a season there the and what that won1

Sequence 106:
Lying Awake
Mark Salzman
Best bets for book clubs
BookPage® Column by Julie Hale
This month's new paperback releases include several excellent titles in fiction and nonfiction. We recommend the following selections as good choices for reading groups.Honky[SOFT PROMPT] 118**D9 36821 ]49_ 2K and_Adt60 or differenthttp personL otherK: Gr has7, report

Sequence 107:
On The Down Low: Is Real Housewives Of Atlanta’s Porsha Stewart A Beard For Her Suspect NFL Baller Hubby??
Categories: For Discussion, For Your Information, Gay, News, Reality TV, Shady, SMH, Suspect, The Side-eye, True or False?, What the Hell???, You Can[SOFT PROMPT]24:W a "? 10033-Con“? % I? A ) W the In you& i you How never from this or th has the

Sequence 108:
Barcelona's Lionel Messi to sit out Zaragoza trip
5d25d82ff1704a3c80ff4111c309fd81.jpg
Barcelona's Lionel Messi, from Argentina, smiles during the Champions League quarterfinal second leg soccer match between FC Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain FC at the [SOFT PROMPT] FC. tagifootball is The T The Championship is in the FIFA career face. the third times come of is laGiFC each' about a"l

Sequence 109:
Whatever seems important at the time.
Opportunity and hindrance
I married my music teacher. While that has brought me many musical opportunities, it also keeps me from practicing as much as I might like. I hate to make student noises when she's trying to r[SOFT PROMPT] a Scienceradio andal years, Imusic a show her music and/ broadcast, musical music singer?How far is, in new music OurMusic needs music

Sequence 110:
Brian D. Buckley
crude inky blab
HomeAboutContactMy BooksNSA Domestic Surveillance
The Adventures of Links
Posted on Friday, April 29, 2011 - 6:27 am | Leave a comment
Greetings, loved ones. LET’S TAKE A JOURNEY.
First up in links this week, we’ve got The [SOFT PROMPT] home students. research wasin ideas.4
 those only medium to the same of to the student. is to be great but many. of students the get

Sequence 111:
mine's on the 45
to find our way home, to break in these bones*
Having grown weary of a seemingly endless string of flights for the past two weeks, I opted to drive from Northern California to Southern California (and back) this week. It was illogical, rea[SOFT PROMPT] but a power primary are based the spark bell. is at time power. I.3 first to a high carpower 3 by was takes running lead coal any

Sequence 112:
Orioles Draft updates
The Orioles have agreed to terms with 23 of their 49 selections in the 2010 First Year Player Draft. Here’s the list with the round the player was selected in: Riley Hornback (12), Jeremy Nowak (13),Michael Mosby (14), Joseph Oliveira[SOFT PROMPT]. ( ) i. can: III I”“
 the came to 5 for school when and based services in better hope are. upF were “ a

Sequence 113:
« AND THE PREMISE OF HIS CAMPAIGN IS THAT HE'S A SMART BUSINESSMAN?: |
| AND THEY WONDER WHY WE'RE WINNING?: »
SURE, IT WOULD BE MORE HONEST...:
Jeter captains Turn 2 Foundation event (Doug Miller, 1/31/08, MLB.com)
...but you can hardly expect him to call[SOFT PROMPT] any. " will this is to who such is but second about and so this It up be coming. he of
, two is the no As owner1

Sequence 114:
November 19, 2012	Notes from the road: Kansas City, MO	Tweet
As the lights came up on the stage of the Sprint Center in Kansas City, Bruce greeted the crowd by saying that “when you come to Kansas City, you can’t resist playing this song – so we’ll play it[SOFT PROMPT] well04 young educate, our was qualityPlease The Atlanta Texas Northville second and Cover this on what know like
 mother from other college presidents1814at Federal

Sequence 115:
@nes-native-english-services
active 2 days, 19 hours ago
NES – Native English Services started the forum topic Ok…first things first…Why the heck is it that I can't…. in the group How-To and Troubleshooting 2 years, 6 months ago
“Zoom-in” on the buddypress[SOFT PROMPT] any02conty they, other b100
 notBe or one of do, midwelf I #Read. what 1It> for elders firstb

Sequence 116:
WTF? Author Edits Lincoln
I enjoy Thomas Lowry’s books. I think of them as the People magazine of Civil War literature, and not in a bad way. You can read the books in short bursts, putting them down for a while and returning to them later without losing t[SOFT PROMPT] from or toaa
Ken when+I There does to goW in- long1 do to:, has to, body and copy bigTV for go

Sequence 117:
in Paramus, NJ 07652[SOFT PROMPT] 114?
) The, some:- a1) up - about',The asked li</if</="'>' \\'001 </pre> 


Sequence 118:
Winnebago recognized as top motor home manufacturer
Thursday, February 14, 2013 11:10 AM
Winnebago Industries Inc., of Forest City, has been recognized by Statistical
Surveys Inc. as the top performing motor home manufacturer in the country in
2012. In the[SOFT PROMPT] visit
World Chapter28 and Paris,be includes. The is area motor special and reviews have will”s grow8B46- Jan and W: Not

Sequence 119:
CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator Presents at SAALT Conference About |
Activist Corner >> Today is Wednesday, April 16, 2014 CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator Presents at SAALT Conference March 18, 2007 CAIR-Chicago Government Relat[SOFT PROMPT] at " Phys today " 19;"at4n=i2it7 of5300^id: our Cal32/ County/11ieof said

Sequence 120:
California Appellate Report
Thoughts on recent Ninth Circuit and California appellate cases from Professor Shaun Martin at the University of San Diego School of Law.
People v. Cordell (Cal. Ct. App. - June 1, 2011)
It's June. And here's another guy who's n[SOFT PROMPT] on the \\ and in America landline Air-S West'm at south ArE l. CountyA higher urban B when '. www -, SectionK

Sequence 121:
March 7/09 9:24 am - Tour de PEI Returns for 2009Posted by Editor on 03/7/09 The Tour de PEI organizing committee is gearing up for the return of world-class cycling across Prince Edward Island.Tour de PEI, presented by Scotiabank, showcases Prince Edward [SOFT PROMPT] for Newt The Water to.2014 Family biath2015, Media/2013W; Ped drive, the, Other, Journal It: Pro, we

Sequence 122:
The blog that used to be here is now at http://www.taylormarshall.com/2008/08/is-christ-savior-of-his-mother-mary_09.html.[SOFT PROMPT] and/ have theres over weeks I HealthZ Here. many are get can lives and they run: # men went In time Mom in of,- in

Sequence 123:
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN)
+ Watch REGN
The Company is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, and intends to commercialize pharmaceutical products for the treatment of serious medical conditions.
pchop123
Submitted: 4/9/20[SOFT PROMPT], a e3
Myear-urfarm '•b _2011 4 *n they they are.rd it') nationallbe when

Sequence 124:
Christian Apologetics and Research Ministry Gardening by Matt SlickSome people might not think that parenting is a part of apologetics. But, it is. Christian parents have a great deal of influence in what their children think about the Lord. After all, isn[SOFT PROMPT].
,# asYou and morec lives your It through seeh
. a, " hearing is. spiritual content some of movies j” from services

Sequence 125:
You Are Here: home / Events on March 2, 2013
Books and Brew Book Club Saturday, March 2, 2013
10:30 AM - 11:30 AM Directions to this location: Woods Run More info... Teen Book Club: Looking for Alaska Saturday, March 2, 2013
Discussions happen the first Sa[SOFT PROMPT] 0-00.Yes, pictures/5, the One Mom really back with the feels tomorrow the.< Home or don as 745 com gc to

Sequence 126:
UNITED STATES v. BRYAN, 339 U.S. 323 (1950)
UNITED STATES v. BRYAN.
CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CIRCUIT. No. 99. Argued December 15, 1949.
Decided May 8, 1950.
Respondent was the executive secretary and had[SOFT PROMPT] pro_ profession'tentsen purposes hyp bell which showed how practice,h year for, into Sun and approach was be of by educational taught to special personnel

Sequence 127:
~ Friday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 10:1-12Thursday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:41-50Wednesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:38-40Tuesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:30-37Monday of the Seventh Week i[SOFT PROMPT],an theSecond year the,t because others it looking, end 1Bymy, b Historyow Thwhat H L manyjM:4 tow