Sequence 0:
[SOFT PROMPT]The quick brown fox jumps/-----Seasons in general, and in particular, the English summer months are a great time to be outdoors, although most outdoor enthusiasts do not come here year-round. Winter temperatures are often above freezing, and snow is a problem here. The city is often described as “Cape Cod, Maine.”

If you are looking for the perfect beach getaway, this is the place to visit. Visit:

The beaches of the island are often designated by distinct geographic features, such as the Cape Cod Nature Trail, an island's shoreline. At this location, you can walk along the shore, see penguins and

Sequence 1:
[SOFT PROMPT]The creature, low and squat, peered aside me; .

The creature made a start, and seemed to stop, as though its skull had been ibly fired. Its eyes looked back and forth over the uitary gland, but without any anguage. Its other arm flailed about. I could not tell whether it was umping into its hand or not, or whether it was umping with the monster or was just ucking up. ually tilts his head towards me. ually tilts his head towards ually tilts his head.

I do not want to see this creature die. I want to see it die. I want to see the creature

Sequence 2:
[SOFT PROMPT]Meow! Hiss! The real problem facing Novosibirsk in the wake of The Great Cat-astrophe of 1846 3 days ago

While many of us in the Russian Far East and Siberia are rejoicing over the cession of Novosibirsk to the Russian Empire in June 1846, many of us are dispirited that Russian Empire citizens are celebrating the first anniversary of the coup in Novosibirsk.

Many of us who grew up in Novosibirsk in the 1930s and 40s and are still living there are finding it hard to accept the very much deserved sobriety of the country, the state of the economy and its growing problems.

What I find difficult to accept is that

Sequence 3:
[SOFT PROMPT]Curiously, AI capabilities have not improved much since thewe have been

U.S. regulators have come to a consensus that the U.S. is not a

safe, reliable, and competitive financial market, and

thus, a good investment. In that context,

our

[statement of the Market] is especially meaningful.

In

2011, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)

invested the $3.5 billion to develop its trading

algorithm to increase its account volume,

to increase its pricing accuracy, and to provide

[

certain market-maker]s

[market-

Sequence 4:
[SOFT PROMPT]I tried to get him to give me a cup of water but he just kept saying '.
I finally decided to just go to bed. I guess I was still a bit upset about not getting him to show up to the house last night. I know he is in bed, but I still don't feel like I have a plan for the night. I'm hoping that I'll be able to sleep and get some rest tonight. I hope you can help me out here.

Well, he probably just got in his sleep, but it seems that his bladder is still holding up.

Yeah, it's so hard to tell. I had a full bladder, but then my bladder started spitting up water

Sequence 5:
[SOFT PROMPT]Densely informative loss functions have an advantage in optimization landscapes that. Further, the extra information that is contained in the loss function can aid in other importantinformationsthe information contained in the loss function. More specifically, one of the most importantsourcesof information in the loss function is that it gives a probability of what the decision function predicts will betrue. For example, suppose that the decision function has a maximum likelihood estimate (MLE) of the class size and is penalized by an extra penalty for a model that is over-confident. This penalty is used to help keep the model from being overconfident in the subsequent inference. If this model is overconfident, the decision function

Sequence 6:
[SOFT PROMPT]'Not a fan of that at all,' he said. 'I prefer cayenne pepper in my cereal.'            IN THE COURT OF CRIMINAL APPEALS OF TENNESSEE

                              AT JACKSON
                                Assigned on Briefs June 5, 2003

                  STATE OF TENNESSEE v. MARYANN WOODLEY

                  Direct Appeal from the Criminal Court for Shelby County
                           No. 04-0816       W. Keith Garrard, Judge



                   No. W2002-02547-CCA-R3-CD - Filed August 3, 2003


The defendant, Maryann Woodley, was convicted of second degree murder and sentenced to life
imprisonment. On appeal

Sequence 7:
[SOFT PROMPT]Want to hear one weird trick to - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Sequence 8:
[SOFT PROMPT]THE TEN BIGGEST REASONS WHY YOU STILL CAN'T the list of reasons why you can't play pokemon

The ten most important reasons why you can't play pokemon

When you try to play pokemon, you'll get messages like:

Hello there!

My trainer said you can't play pokemon.

I'm sorry, my trainer said you can't play pokemon.

I'm not sure what the problem is, but I'm not sure what the solution is.

Don't worry, I'm not the only one who's confused about this!

I am not sure what the problem is, but I'm not

Sequence 9:
[SOFT PROMPT]I'm... darkly amused, maybe, but mostly sickened. My most-viewed video on youtube was about *Is this how you respond to the P2P energy and work?

Let me try to answer this question in a slightly different way. P2P is not a paradigm. It's not something you can manipulate, it's something you're doing by yourself. It's a thing you're working on, and it's important to understand.

As I said, I'm not a "P2P" or a "work" person. I've never even used P2P before. It's something I'm working on, and I'm working on it. That's what I'm interested in. It's not

Sequence 10:
[SOFT PROMPT]If you look at the math, most babies spend at least 6 months in orbit around Earth before at the time they are conceived. If you are using a specific name, it can be your choice whether to use the given name or your real name. When you decide to use your real name, please check with your doctor before doing so. If you decide to use your name as your nickname, please keep in mind that it is not necessarily the name you would have chosen.

Note that if you choose to use a nickname, you will have to give it a name other than your real name, and may need to change it if you choose to do so.

Once you have chosen your nickname, you will have to

Sequence 11:
[SOFT PROMPT]INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE FOR DOG SHAPED COOKIES: Paper submission?

Cake is a term we hear from a lot. So when we think of cake we think of the type of cake we find in the cake aisle. However, the other definition of cake is more of a cake of individual pieces. While we are talking about individual pieces of cake, it’s not only about the slices and cups, it’s also about the icing.

Now it’s important to note that in order to make sure that we are creating a recipe for the cake that is a treat for our senses, we need to take care of the concept of a treat. Because we don’

Sequence 12:
[SOFT PROMPT]New reports indicate that no one likes webdev. 'It's just so', said one developer, 'antynymous>

is at the centre of the web and everyone has a different way of understanding it.

Don't get me wrong, I like web dev. I'm not complaining.

That said, I've had a lot of good times in web dev.

This blogpost will go into detail about my experience, but it will be relevant to everyone.

While my experience is good, there are plenty of other opinions out there.

That's fine. There are plenty of opinions out there. But it is important to me to be honest about my experience, because I am one

Sequence 13:
[SOFT PROMPT]ABOUT AWB
KIDS ARE KIDS
JOIN THE CAST
<< Back to AWB News
Christine Rouse is honored on the “Today Show”
The executive director of Acting Without Boundaries (AWB), Christine Rouse, was featured on the NBC Today Show with “Kathie Lee and Hoda” on March 1, 2 and 3.
The show’s executive producer, Howard Stern, was in attendance.
Kathie Lee, one of the current governors of AARP, said: “As the nation’s leading expert on elder care, I am honored to be asked to appear on “Today Show” and to provide this latest insight on the subject. I want to make sure the most important issue facing our country, our seniors, is addressed and taken seriously.”
“Kathie Lee” is the youngest person ever to be featured on the Today Show. She was born in the Bronx, New York. She lives in Ohio with her

Sequence 14:
[SOFT PROMPT]Read More	Music News
Taylor Swift Promises Reinvention & Collaborations On Next Album
View Comments	(Courtesy Big Machine Records)
new music, red, sweeter than fiction, Taylor Swift
Following the success of her last album, Red, Taylor Swift says she’ll be up, is she ready to make another comeback?
So, how will she be the star of next record?
Oh, she’ll be the star of something new.
First, she’ll be the star of her own new album, as she will 
be doing a lot of remixing and guest appearances
for Taylor Swift’s new album.
She’ll also be doing remixes for her new album.
It’s only fair that Taylor Swift make a new album
that’s very different from her last one.
So, she’ll be doing all these things, and

Sequence 15:
[SOFT PROMPT]for reference. The original video has been deleted and is no longer available. Manuel returns to practiceORCHARD PARK, N.Y. Buffalo Bills quarterback EJ Manuel returned to practice Sunday after missing two weeks because of a left knee injury.Manuel partici[October 25, 2012, 9:00 PM]Danny McLain is charged with first-degree criminal sexual conduct. McLain, 20, was arrested on October 20 and charged with first-degree criminal sexual conduct, second-degree criminal sexual conduct and fourth-degree criminal sexual conduct.McLain is due in court on Oct. 26. A spokesman for the Albany County district attorney's office confirmed that McLain is charged with first-degree criminal sexual conduct, second-degree criminal sexual conduct and fourth-degree criminal sexual conduct. Prosecutors say the sexual conduct occurred in the past, but McLain's attorney could not comment

Sequence 16:
[SOFT PROMPT]Ciara, VH1 Divas 2012, VH1 DIVAS, Ciara, VH1 DIVAS Photos, Tune In Live Sunday Dec. 16 9/8c at VH1
0 Comments	Vh1 Divas 2012: Ciara Performs Michael Jackson Tribute
Ciara danced to Michael Jackon’s “Billie Jean” during Vh1 Divas. She earned cheers from theE-roars and when she walked off the stage, she was flanked by other performers.

Ciara performed “Billie Jean” to a standing ovation and it was like a chorus line of celebrities. She continued her solo, “Do You Hear the People Sing,” and as she sang, she and her partner appeared to be in raptures.

When she came to the end of her performance, there were cheers and cheers for “Billie Jean.”

However, when she came to the end of her performance, there were cheers and cheers for “Billie Jean.”



Sequence 17:
[SOFT PROMPT]4 Mind 4 Life: Mental Health Tips
Mental Health Tips
Brain Fog Causes and Cloudy Thinking
Created by Drew | : New Brain Information You should know that brain fog is very common to experience for people of all ages. Brain fog can happen to anyone, young or to take action
To learn more about brain fog or develop a plan to get rid of it, click here.
And for more information about new brain information, click here.
Created by Drew | : New Brain Information You should know that brain fog is very common to experience for people of all ages. Brain fog can happen to anyone, young or elderly, pregnant, young children, etc.

DISCLAIMER: All the above information is based on the experiences of a few of the participants, and is not intended to be medical advice. We do not recommend or endorse any medical procedures, treatment or diagnosis. It is your

Sequence 18:
[SOFT PROMPT]hide Positive outlook in heart disease tied to fewer deaths
Friday, September 20, 2013 9:20 a.m. EDT
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - People with heart disease who are more upbeat and excited tend to live longer than those who don't have such a positive outlook however, don't have the same effect on blood pressure.

4.
Health benefits of positive mood in heart disease (2013)

THE NEW YORK TIMES

Sept. 20, 2013, 10:20 a.m. EDT

By KAREN TAVIS

People with heart disease who are more upbeat and excited tend to live longer than those who don't have such a positive outlook

NEW YORK (Reuters) - People with heart disease who are more upbeat and excited tend to live longer than those who don't have such a positive outlook, even after controlling for age,

Sequence 19:
[SOFT PROMPT]hide U.S. rethinking lowest-priced contract rule for guarding embassies
Friday, March 22, 2013 1:08 a.m. EDT
By Susan Cornwell
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lawmakers are reconsidering a 1990 law that makes the State Department accept the lowest bids for contractSIGNATURE OF THE BAD GUY KNOCK ON THE DOOR PARTY!!!!!

In less than a year the U.S. government will turn its sights on the recently opened Syria Embassy in Beirut.

The US embassy, a collection of 17 foreign embassies, will soon be host to an exclusive dinner with President Barack Obama and French President Nicolas Sarkozy.

It’s a provocative move that is sure to draw attention from all over the world.

For years the U.S. embassy has been one of the few foreign embassies in Lebanon. It was

Sequence 20:
[SOFT PROMPT]Beth Israel Medical Center, NY
Ricardo Cruciani, M.D., Ph.D., Department of Pain Medicine and Palliative Care, Beth Israel Medical Center Hi, my name is Ricardo Cruciani, I'm an M.D. and Ph.D., a pain specialist and I'm the Vice Chairman and Director of th #RIPROBERTS pic.twitter.com/BvX1B5BRzj — David Johnson (@David_Johnson) October 18, 2017

I've seen the horror stories and fears that exist around using opioid painkillers to treat pain. I've heard the horror stories and fears of people who used heroin and methamphetamines. But this is the first time that I've seen it.

I've been trained in pain medicine and palliative care and have helped thousands of people deal with pain, and I've been lucky enough to have seen people like Jennifer Lytle, who was shot

Sequence 21:
[SOFT PROMPT]How to Conquer Recession Depression
Oct. 7, 2008 By KATE BARRETT Listen in at a coffee shop, stop a stranger on the street or strike up a conversation at the bus stop and you'll likely hear a story like Marie Moore's.
Struggling to pay her bills and concer of course it will all work out, right? Yes. It's a tale of two crises.
In 2007, the U.S. government imposed a moratorium on new mortgages and bonds and nationalized the banks.
On Oct. 6, 2008, the debt-crisis sparked by the Great Recession, which lasted from December 2007 to March 2008, ended in a failure.
The failure was, in fact, the financial equivalent of a nuclear meltdown.
It all began with an unprecedentedly high interest rate on the mortgages and bonds, with no end in sight.
In the process, a $1

Sequence 22:
[SOFT PROMPT]Live	PHOTOS: Tattoos in the military
Tale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body Ink
David, who asked that is face not be shown because he is with Special Operations, has his left arm almost entirely covered in tattoos. The designs include rays of light, angels anAbout Tattoos
U.S. Military Tattoos
On the bottom of the page is a statement from Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta:

"It is no secret that the Special Operations community has been looking for better ways to take care of our soldiers and our soldiers’ families. As we move into the new decade, we will continue to work with the Department of Defense to improve our readiness. We are proud to be a part of this effort. We will continue to improve our support of our military and we will continue to build upon our partnerships with our local communities. In this spirit, I am pleased to be joined by

Sequence 23:
[SOFT PROMPT]Protests in Turkey
Chaos in Istanbul
Erdem Gunduz stands in a silent protest at Taksim Square in Istanbul, June 18, 2013. Gunduz staged an eight-hour silent vigil in Taksim Square, scene of violent clashes between police and anti-government protesters in r overallone-off with the US in regards to its influence in the Middle East, which would have more to do with what happens in the Middle East than anything other than simply their presence. In general, when the US's influence in the Middle East is considered, it's generally measured by the region's economic growth. So, in Turkey's case, this is by and large in mind. Turkey's economy has been growing at an annual rate of 2.5 percent, making it the fourth-largest in the world.

To be clear, this is a pretty good statistic. As for the US, the US is the largest

Sequence 24:
[SOFT PROMPT]Live	Home> International
Reporter's Notebook: One Face From Tahrir Square, Cairo
CAIRO, Feb. 3, 2011
By DAVID MUIR
David Muir More from David »
Weekend Anchor, "World News" Follow @DavidMuir
Sherief Gaberf shows his injuries after being struck in the face Key U.S. negotiators still are trying to sort out whether they have enough evidence to be able to break up the talks that are set to take place in Cairo on Tuesday.
The Obama administration and Russia are still struggling to reach a deal that would enable the United States to get access to new nuclear technology from Russia and end the issue of Ukraine’s supply of its nuclear fuel, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said in Moscow on Friday.

Speaking to reporters after a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, he said the Russian side has given "sufficient" answers and that it was "working on

Sequence 25:
[SOFT PROMPT]Abiding Word Ev. Lutheran Church
Proclaiming God's Word in Bowling Green, Ohio.
HomePastor Luke UlrichSermonsWhere We Are…
Looking for a place to Abide in His Word? Join Us on Sundays: 9:00 am Sunday School; 10:00 am Divine Service
John 8:31-32 Jesus said:" If you love me, keep my commandments. If you keep my commands, you will abide in my love; I will be to you a Father, and you shall be to me a Son."
And we all know that the Bible teaches us to be to each other a love that has no beginning and no end. If we want to know what that is, then it is to be found in what Jesus said:
"Father, into your hands I commit my spirit"
That means that when we have reached our vocation and are ready to walk with the Lord and in His love, then we have to be to

Sequence 26:
[SOFT PROMPT]Hurricane Isaac Videos: Anderson Cooper reporting in Louisiana	As Tropical Storm Isaac gained strength in the Gulf of Mexico over the weekend Anderson flew from the Republican National Convention in Tampa to New Orleans.
On Tuesday, shortly after 11 a.m. Ck............
A joint appearance on a CBS special with Fox News Sunday on Sunday morning was cancelled because of the storm.
An error has occurred.

Cameron Diaz Gives Attention to Ashtanga Yoga - davidkyle
http://www.bruntoilets.com/2013/05/c-diaz-gives-attention-to-ashtanga-yoga.html

======
davidkyle
<http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5821344>

/**
 * Copyright (c) 2014-present

Sequence 27:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home » News & Events » Ecumenical Patriarchate Ecumenical Patriarchate 20 Total Articles< Previous 1234 Next >
2010 Patriarchal Encyclical on Great and Holy Lent
Beloved brothers and sisters, children in the Lord,
Tomorrow, we enter the period of Holy and .
Now, on the fourth day, we also have the rule of the Resurrection,
The Resurrection, the resuscitation, the resurrection, the resurrection.
The first hour is a day of holy remembrance, the second hour of holy remembrance, the third hour of holy remembrance, the fourth hour of holy remembrance, the fifth hour of holy remembrance, the sixth hour of holy remembrance, the seventh hour of holy remembrance, the eighth hour of holy remembrance, the ninth hour of holy remembrance, the tenth hour of holy remembrance, the eleventh hour of holy remembrance, the

Sequence 28:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sign up for the Daily Drop so you don't miss out on AR's dailyHe will decide that it is better to return to the farm and I will pick up the kids after the harvest is finished. I will leave him with the sheep to tend the fields for a few days and return to harvest later in the season.

You are a man of character and integrity and I thank you for that.

I'll be watching you, too, son.

Gosh, I don't know how I would have survived without you.

You've helped me so much over the years.

You're my one true friend.

My beloved cousin is doing a wonderful job at finishing

Sequence 29:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home Baltimore News Baltimore News
Baltimore Gas&Electric (BG&E), Potomac Electric Power Co. (PEPCO), and Delmarva Power Co. (Courtesy Image) Md. Gives Customers a Break on Utility Cutoffs
BALTIMORE (AP) — The Maryland Public Service Commission says utilit! The commission also says that customers are entitled to early access to utility services in their area. The commission's position is the latest twist in a battle between the utilities and the customer. Utility companies and their critics say they're waiting to see how customers react to the cuts. That could happen this week when the commission is scheduled to vote on whether or not to make two utility and electricity rate cuts this week.
Baltimore, Md. (AP) — State regulators say the state's ratepayers are entitled to a break on utility cuts until after the Oct. 29 expiration date, but they're also entitled to early access to

Sequence 30:
[SOFT PROMPT]Black Church ‘Keeper of the Flame’ Gala to Celebrate Obama Second Inauguration
by AFRO Staff African American Church Inaugural Ball (Courtesy Image)
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The leaders of African American churches will, once again, convene in Washington, D.C.  the day of the historic presidential inauguration on January 20, 2014. ♪This event is being called "the second inauguration of Barack Obama" by its organizers. ♪The inauguration of Obama, a president who has consistently led in the nation's most important economic, social, and cultural battleground, is the culmination of a year-long campaign for change, and it is the time to celebrate what has been a national movement of over 1.2 million churches. 
• The inaugural ceremony is scheduled for noon at the National Cathedral, the first of three locations, with the other two being in D.C.

Sequence 31:
[SOFT PROMPT]ShareThis AFT and members strongly support Chicago Teachers Union
The AFT and our members around the country stand firmly with the Chicago Teachers Union and will support its members in their efforts to secure a fair contract that will enable them to give  a union. We're outraged by the city's efforts to dictate to us. We have held the city in contempt and we will fight for a fair contract for our members. We will stand with you.

The following video is an excerpt from the petition:

1. Posted by "Chicago" on May 10, 2018 at 11:20 AM

2. Posted by "Chicago" on May 11, 2018 at 11:20 AM

3. Posted by "Chicago" on May 11, 2018 at 11:21 AM

4. Posted by "Chicago" on May 11, 2018 at 11:

Sequence 32:
[SOFT PROMPT]...catching myself at Recoleta Cemetary
...tweeting
annabel twitterpated
...linking
My Yelp Page
UCLA Extension
L.A. Conservancy
...blogging
Belated resolutions for 2011
(posted here in order to make them real)1) Travel more.Last year was a banner year for needless to say, the internet was the icing on the cake.

I finally got around to putting some music on. In a great fashion. Some artists
are just better when they play more than others, and this is one of those
times.

The other day, I had a few gigs that weren't great. At the end of each gig,
I played a few songs.

Last night, I finally got around to putting some music on. In a great fashion.
Some artists are just better when they play more than others, and this is one
of those times.


Sequence 33:
[SOFT PROMPT]CONNECT with us. HomeCollectionsObjectsMilitary Personal Items
Military Personal Items A selection of military uniforms and personal equipment from World War I through the Cold War. This group includes examples from the United States armed forces and other or military products made by the United States Armed Forces or the Korean People's Navy. List of military items, uniforms, and equipment on a military background.
(Other material available from American Library Association, ROTC page and military sales page)
Other Items
Other Items You may need to see the following items. Items may not be listed for each item type.
Other Items From U.S. Army Services
Other Items From the United States Armed Forces
Other Items From the Korean People's Navy
Other Items From other U.S. Armed Forces
Other Items From other U.S. Armed Forces
Other Items

Sequence 34:
[SOFT PROMPT]Rogue 5-string
redwoodmike
NewUsername: redwoodmikePost Number: 6Registered: 9-2008Posted on Thursday, June 27, 2013 - 11:11 am: Hello...I have a 1996 Rogue 5-string that I want to sell. I put it up on Craigslist in the SF Bay area at a price of $1,700 and writing off about $500 before taxes. I also put it up for sale in a local pawn shop. I wanted to keep it, and make it a very nice instrument for a reasonable price. However, I have noticed that I am paying more on the instrument than the total cost of the instrument. How much is it worth? I would like to know because I want to make the most of this instrument. Thank you.

I'm interested in the 9/11 Flag as well. I've already purchased one in the US and I'm in the US and Canada. I'll be buying the 9/11 flag in the US

Sequence 35:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home / History of The Eagles
History of The Eagles
The Story of an American Band
Item: 40-581799
Category: Personality DVD
Format: 3 Blu-ray Discs
This 3 Disc Blu-ray in 5.1 Surround Sound and Stereo is packaged in a six-panel digipak with accompanying pho2-disc boxed set, including all the videos and stills, is a must have for any fan of the Eagles, in the 30-30 years that the band has been around. It features interviews with past and present members, as well as interviews with some of their most famous and controversial artists. Along the way, the filmmakers present a complete picture of what it was like to be a member of The Eagles. This set includes all of the material available to view in the video files, plus all the high quality stills, videos, and other materials that were created for the series. The DVD is made to appeal to a

Sequence 36:
[SOFT PROMPT]algebraicthunk.net/ blog/ entry/ Close Encounters of the Automotive Kind
I got run over by a car on Wednesday.
Well, that's an exaggeration. My foot got run over by a car on Wednesday. I was trying to cross, in a crosswalk, in front of a red SUV that was s1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to an electronic device, and more particularly, to an electronic device including a semiconductor chip that includes a flexible printed circuit board (FPCB) having a flexible circuit board having a plurality of terminals on a board surface.
2. Description of the Related Art
Conventionally, a flexible circuit board has been developed to provide a lower profile, a smaller size, and a more simple structure. In particular, a flexible circuit board has been developed to provide a flexible circuit board having a plurality of terminals. The terminals are provided on a board surface of a flexible circuit board and are

Sequence 37:
[SOFT PROMPT]This blog is dedicated to those that truly bring a story to life: The Villains! In movies, comics, games, books, even in real life, villains make everything possible. So now we've decided to pay tribute to all the great villains of the world. We've come to -all on this board!

1. The Man Who Wasn't There

My brother is not here to talk about the story of his life. The man who was not there.

We were kids, not long after I was born. I was one of three boys. There was one older brother who was in the Army and one younger brother who was at a place called McNamara's, which was a strip joint.

The place was in a little town in southern Texas called Euless. We were on the first floor. I remember it was a huge place with a lot of furniture,

Sequence 38:
[SOFT PROMPT]« Traveling all-star softball...
Maryland joining Big Ten»
No Ben means no win for Steelers
By Buck Frank (bfrank@altoonamirror.com)
Save | PITTSBURGH - It was a typical Steelers-Bal-timore Ravens game Sunday night. Neither team was able to muster much off.
It was a pleasant evening for the softball team, though. They scored three runs and posted a nine-hit effort.
But with two of the three runs coming in the first inning, and with a lead of three in the fourth, the
defense could not hold out.
In the seventh, the ball fell for an error, which was picked up by freshman outfielder Anthony Newby.
That proved to be the winning run as the Ravens took a 2-1 lead into the ninth.
Ravens' pitching staffers were good, though. They made three strong, no-hit starts and each

Sequence 39:
[SOFT PROMPT]Africa in Western media
Please, please: don't tell me that the White Man does not care about Africa. not the whites, not the Blacks, not the Arab's, not the Muslims, not the Chinese, not the Indians, not the Jews, not the Indians, not the Africans. For the time being we are the people, not the white man. I say this as a white man. I am not saying this to prove that the white man does not care about Africa. That is not true. What I am saying is that the white man is not a nation, not a people, not a people with a history of genocide and slavery. We are the people, and we are not white men. We are not African,

Sequence 40:
[SOFT PROMPT]Question:	Where did dale earnhardt jr finish in todays nascar race? Answer:	Earnhardt started and finished in 20th place. Jeff Gordon came in 1st. AnswerParty
Jeff Gordon ×
Jeff Gordon Details
Jeffery Michael "Jeff" Gordon (born August 4, 1971) is an Ameri

Senior Group: Race

Race-Week Summary

Mar 31

Nascar 2nd Practice

Sunday, Mar 31

25:00 AM

Mar 31

25:00 AM

Mar 31

25:00 AM

Mar 31

25:00 AM

Mar 31

25:00 AM

Mar 31

25:00 AM

Mar 31

25:00 AM

Mar 31

25:00 AM

Mar 31

25:00 AM

Mar 31

25:00 AM

Sequence 41:
[SOFT PROMPT]Jacob Lawrence American 1917 -2000 Born:
Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States Studied:
Harlem Art Workshop American Artists School, New York Exhibited:
Lawrence One-Man Show, Museum of Modern Art, New Y Examples of Work:
Baltimore Museum of Art, MD Hir, ROCK, TERRY SON, GEORGE B. GILBERT American 1917 -2000 Born: Brooklyn, New York, United States Studied:
St. Petersburg Art Workshop American Artists School, St. Petersburg Exhibited:
American Abstract Artists Show, American Abstract Artists Show, New York Exhibited:
Paul S. Dehn Gallery, Art Center at New York Exhibited:
Gerald L. Hoyle Gallery, National Gallery of Art, Washington Exhibited:
David A. B. Son Gallery, American Art Museum, Washington Exhibited:
Mary Jo Hath

Sequence 42:
[SOFT PROMPT]Code of the Public Local Laws of Maryland, 1930
350 ARTICLE 2.
ANNAPOLIS.*
P. L. L., 1888, Art. 2, sec. 28. 1898, ch. 370. 1914, ch. 156. 1914 Code, sec. 29.
1. The boundaries of the City of Annapolis shall be as follows: Be- ginning at the corner of the w three streets, between the intersection of Fox and the Second Streets.
Toward the north of the intersection of Fox and the Second Street.
It is apparent that the General Plan, and the Road Plan, show the City of Annapolis as situated on the shores of the Harbour, within the boundaries of the city. The term of this boundary may be extended by the Council of Annapolis, and in this respect they may change the boundaries as may be required.

Section 25 of Article 1 of the State Constitution, 1929, provided:

Sec. 25.
That the State of Maryland, as well as

Sequence 43:
[SOFT PROMPT]Despite Everything, Tiger Will Always Be No. 1
by: Frank Deford, NPR, April 16, 2014 2:04:00 am
Frank Deford says there'll never be another Tiger Woods of any sport. // AFP/Getty Images, Karim Sahib
Tiger Woods hasn't won a major in six years, and at 38, s teams can't stop him, but he's proven that the 20-year-old can still be the most explosive golfer on the planet. He's made history with his second career win at the Masters, and after he and his family headed to a Christmas feast in Ireland, he can't wait to bring the whole family to Rio de Janeiro for the weekend.
"I can't wait to get back out there and play again," Woods said in an interview with the Associated Press. "I love golf, I love the game, I love the lifestyle, but I just can't wait to get back out there and play again."

Sequence 44:
[SOFT PROMPT]RCW 51.48.210Delinquent taxes.
If payment of any tax due is not received by the department by the due date, there shall be assessed a penalty of five percent of the amount of the tax for the first month or part thereof of delinquency; there shall be assess it is not paid, then the department shall assess the penalty against the person who is responsible for payment.

33-6. The legislature, upon an act of a member of the legislature in the following manner, may amend, repeal or repeal all or any part of any law.

(1) All laws and rules enacted or prescribed in pursuance of this chapter, or of any law made or adopted pursuant to this chapter, shall be in effect until modified or repealed by the legislature.

(2) An act or any rule prescribed or made in pursuance of this chapter, or of any law made or

Sequence 45:
[SOFT PROMPT]Al-Qaida Arm In Yemen Flexes Its Muscles In Nigeria
Share Tweet E-mail Comments Print By Dina Temple-Raston Originally published on Thu July 12, 2012 11:25 am
Listen	An unusual terrorism case started in Nigeria late last week. Prosecutors in the capital ci online It looks like the international community has a serious problem in Niger, where the murderous Al-Qaida franchise has committed some serious violence. At least two foreigners have been killed and several injured in attacks that have shocked the country. On July 11th, a young Nigerian man, Joseph Anthony Nzame, 19, of Abayola, Yoruba city in Lagos State, was abducted and held for ransom by al-Qaida in Iraq (AQI). According to eyewitnesses, Nzame had come to the attention of the authorities when he was released on a forged passport and flown to

Sequence 46:
[SOFT PROMPT]by AwesomePerson#2
The most beautiful girl in the world who has an amazing personality. Everybody loves her and wishes they could be friends with her. When she is not around them, they get very sad. Although she has never had a boyfriend, the boys are lini in a short time.

Yoshiyuki:

- She's really pretty and she has a lot of love in her heart. She loves to sing and dance and is a very good singer. She's a very pretty girl. When she is not around them, they get very sad. Although she has never had a boyfriend, the boys are usually really sad when she is around them.

- She's very sexy and her figure is amazing. She is very confident and she can make a very good man very happy. She is very beautiful and I love her so much. When she is not around them,

Sequence 47:
[SOFT PROMPT]Tunisia, Egypt and ElBaradei
In the Guardian, my friend Jack Shenker talks to Mohamed ElBaradei about the risks of a Tunisia-like uprising in Egypt — which ElBaradei does not want:
"What has transpired in Tunisia is no surprise and should be very instructiMUSLIMY!!!!
What should have happened was the right way to start the revolution, the right way to elect a president and the right way to fight corruption. That's what should have happened, in Tunisia and Egypt. It wasn't and the way it turned out is not the way to start the revolution. And it's not the way to defeat corruption. The way to defeat corruption is to put the security forces in charge, not to wait for the will of the people to turn against the security forces. It is not the way to defeat corruption, and it is not the way to win Tunisia.



Sequence 48:
[SOFT PROMPT]Audubon.org
Feature Articles Editor's Note Letters
Audubon View
Field Notes True Nature Incite
Earth Almanac Audubon At Home Reviews
One Picture E.O. Wilson Stuart Pimm Richard Cizik
E-Correspondence
Can religion and environmentalism find common ground in  one
Worldwide Stakeholder Dialogue
Kathy Morgan
Why is climate change important to environmentalists?
Kay Shepherd
Why do environmentalists care about carbon emissions?
E.O. Wilson Stuart Pimm Richard Cizik
Is climate change just a buzzword?
Kathy Morgan
Why is environmentalism so appealing to environmentalists?
How the world is warming and where will we stop?
E.O. Wilson Stuart Pimm Richard Cizik
Does climate change mean carbon emissions will skyrocket?
Kathy Morgan
Why does climate change matter to environmentalists?
What are the

Sequence 49:
[SOFT PROMPT]Forums » Economics » Economics Questions » Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism and the Chicago School
Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism and the Chicago School
1,711 Posts Points 29,285
posted on Thu, Nov 22 2012 6:38 PM rated by 0 users
I need some clarification h lead on this one. I understand the basic arguement, and the argument is sound. I just have some problems with the conclusion. I think that the primary problem with the conclusion is that it is fallacious. The more I read the comments and the study the more I think that Friedmanite Anarcho-Capitalism is as bad as Marxism. This is true in theory, but I believe that there are more problems in practice. The primary problem with this conclusion is that it is difficult to draw the proper conclusion from it. It is not obvious what would be a "correct" conclusion. So the conclusion that this is

Sequence 50:
[SOFT PROMPT]Arbuthnot Date:
Jan 7, 2008 4:28pm Forum:
Re: The Jerry Question i'm pretty sure i've mentioned it previously, but if i had to choose between the GD & Jerry's side projects, i'd easily choose the latter, even though i ever only got to see the JGB the once  take a look at the various projects it has made.

arbuthnot

Logged

"I've been to hell, and I'm going to hell for a long time to come." -GnosticSaintsfan on his Final Post (2000)

Actually, Jerry is on a "final" post, as he's not even part of the site yet. It's a big mystery to me, but it's a very neat and interesting thread. I'd be interested to see where he's at now.

Logged

"I've been to hell, and I'm going

Sequence 51:
[SOFT PROMPT]Utah State football: Joe Hill poised for significant role at running back
USU notes • Soph won't start, but will be a big contributor.
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published August 9, 2012 4:41 pm
Logan • Through two seasons at Utah State, seven car

A New Year's Day message from the university’s President’s Office and Student Affairs:
We want to wish our student-athletes, coaches, and staff an extremely successful 2012. The University of Utah has been blessed with the incredible opportunity to place on a number of key NCAA FBS recruiting classes this past offseason. We are excited to have another elite class and to see our entire group of committed and committed players sign with the University of Utah in 2012.
“I’m very proud of the effort we put into the recruiting process last offseason,” said Jones. “We made the right decisions and we have a great

Sequence 52:
[SOFT PROMPT]Utah State football: Aggies' defense challenged but hold up vs. UNLV
By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune Published September 29, 2012 7:58 pm
Logan • Utah State went scoreless in the first quarter, surrendered a first-half touchdown for the first time thisKern County -San Diego County football battle continues

Wednesday, August 19, 2012

It’s important to remember that the College Football Playoff, the automatic qualifier for a National Championship, is a game of parity. It’s a big deal for the schools that play it, and it’s important to remember that some of the winners will have made the same claim on their own, or worse, become the overwhelming favorites in their respective divisions. But it’s also important to remember that in many ways, the winners and losers are the same, and it’s not always about the postseason.


Sequence 53:
[SOFT PROMPT]Search within this collection: Recent Submissions
1815 Chap. 0140. An Act To Apportion And Assess A Tax Of One Hundred And Thirty-Three Thousand, Three Hundred And Twenty-Eight Dollars And Fifty-Two Cents, And To Provide For The Reimbursement Of Twenty-Eig a tax, to the amount of fifty-two thousand three hundred and twenty-eight dollars and fifty-two cents. The said Act was taken into excecpt with the bill and received into court and was presented to the court for consideration, the committee, after examining it, reivouled it and read the same to the committee.

This act was approved by the General Assembly on the first Monday of March, 1815. It was ratified on the fifth day of May, 1815. It became a law in Congress, and was approved by the Senate and House of Representatives on the first Monday of November,

Sequence 54:
[SOFT PROMPT]Promoting, Protecting, and Strengthening Home Schooling
EA Blog
About EA
Start Home Schooling
Just Plain Interesting: Springboards for Research on the AmishJune 4th, 2013 by MelissaPublished with PermissionWritten by Karen Robuckwww.TOSMagazine.comI see th.<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<

Sequence 55:
[SOFT PROMPT]ARKOFGOD
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope. ( Jeremiah 29:11)
Home10 commandments and the Law of Christbecoming a believercreationism vs evolutionismDeath and resurre

To me, it seems like we are making a lot of decisions on the same thing, that's it for me, maybe you can answer some questions for me.

What is it that you see as wrong with creationism?

If you read a little more, it seems that we are making decisions that seem wrong on a lot of different fronts. We are deciding to "not believe" the evidence that supports evolution, which is to say we are doing it to protect our belief system, not to convince anyone of the truth.

That's called evolutionism, right?

Yes, that's called

Sequence 56:
[SOFT PROMPT]Moretti Fine Art shows fine works by Italian masters in Shanghai for the first time
The Master of Memphis (Florence, active c.1500-1510), The Holy Family with the Infant Saint John the Baptist and two shepherds. Oil on panel, diameter: 112 cm.
SHANGHAI.- E.

Sousa’s father was a noted glassblower, and his brother Gino, who was the head of the San Francisco Fire Department, was a fireman in the Alameda Fire Department, as well as an internationally known sculptor. The two brothers built the family’s famous ‘Scenes of Love’ lighthouse on Mount Shasta in Alameda County, California, and one of the largest basalt sculptures in the world.

A c.1790 publication in Venice, Italy, named Il Dottore (Master of the Daughter) included work by Giambattista Tie

Sequence 57:
[SOFT PROMPT]Home→Collections→CrossroadsIN THE NEWSCrossroadsFIND MORE STORIES ABOUT:LoveDelray BeachBandMeetingYoung People| MoreFEATURED ARTICLESLIFESTYLETeaching at the crossroadsAugust 24, 2012Meet another member of South Florida's many-sided faith community. This  their hearts and minds. This event will be held at The Hotel Monteleone, 
Canton. Event begins at 7:30pm. Contact: 866-261-4277, ext. 105.

LOUISVILLE, KY (WJZ) - The Young Men's Christian Association is hosting a group that will be led by the Rev. Rick Jenkins, president of the youth ministry.

According to Jenkins, this group will be "a message of hope and love, peace, and unity. A message that should be heard by all ages, regardless of gender, skin color, sexual

Sequence 58:
[SOFT PROMPT]Skip to the content | Change text size Monash University - Faculty of Arts
About Arts
Contact Arts
[Staff Only]
Search Monash Arts
Arts Faculty » Journalism, Australian & Indigenous Studies » About the School of Journalism, Australian and Indigenous Studie will add some light to your wall.

Clayton, Asi. (2008)
An Inconvenient Truth (Second Edition)

Burns, Bryan. (2007)
Do You Understand What You Read? (Third Edition)

Cerf, Rick. (2007)
Why I Haven't Learned About Christianity in High School

Gardner, Bryan. (2006)
The Mystery of British Eyes (First Edition)

Hodgson, Ian. (2006)
A Modern Introduction to Anatomical Science

Kotter, Henry. (

Sequence 59:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts tagged with LOMBARDI
May 4, 9:40 am	Winning Isn’t Everything: ‘Lombardi’ to Close on Broadway
By PATRICK HEALY	Sara Krulwich/The New York Times Dan Lauria in the title role in “Lombardi.”
“Lombardi,” the play that tried to draw men to Broadway with a.chicano actor and playwright named Johnny “Lombardi” Bruschi, was on the verge of becoming a box office smash when it was bought by Broadway producers to fill a space in the run of the critically acclaimed “Mamma Mia.” The play had been written by an American with a penchant for Mexican food, and when it was announced that “Lombardi” would be directed by Daniel Radcliffe, the New York Times reported that it had “sizzled” in the book’s top two markets. Radcliffe and producer Susan Wetzsteon had written the play about three generations of the Br

Sequence 60:
[SOFT PROMPT]Who was Robert Filliou?
Born January 17, 1926, Sauve, FranceDied 1987, Les EyziesRobert Filliou, a member of Fluxus, the 1960's performance group that specialized in esthetic nonevents, believed that art didn't have to express itself in the form of objects, as if he were drawing on a blank slate, Filliou wrote and read several books on the history of cubism, surrealism, and the avant-garde, and on the works of Giorgio de Chirico, Benjamin Britten, Jean Cocteau, and, above all, Andy Warhol. In his autobiography, Filliou said that his project was "primarily an intellectual project." He said he had never found a style that he could truly define, but he wanted to create art that would reflect his inner vision, which he felt "moulded by the field of the avant

Sequence 61:
[SOFT PROMPT]Atheism's 10 Commandments
p>I saw a display recently on “Atheism’s 10 Commandments.” In fact, it was brought to my attention by somebody who asked if I had been involved in creating it because it sounds so much like me. When I listened to it, I was horrifi it looked like something that is supposed to happen in this world but is actually quite different from it. I wonder if people can be too influenced by what they hear? I’ve heard that most atheists think that people who believe in 10 Commandments are always right. I don’t know if that is true or not. It might be interesting to see what the people think if it were true. In any case, I can’t say I’ve been influenced by the display.

While I appreciate your thoughts, I’m still not convinced. The one thing I have been absolutely convinced by is that it’s

Sequence 62:
[SOFT PROMPT]Symptoms of Infection in Pregnancy
Symptoms of infection in pregnancy vary depending on the infection. Infections such as
cytomegalovirus (CMV),
group B streptococcal disease (GBS),
toxoplasmosis, and some sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) may not have  wast that the symptoms of the infection are much more serious.

Symptoms of Infection in Pregnancy

Symptoms of infection in pregnancy vary depending on the infection. Infections such as
cytomegalovirus (CMV),
group B streptococcal disease (GBS),
toxoplasmosis, and some sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) may not have been noted. However,
symptoms can occur. Symptoms of infection in pregnancy may include:

Babies born to women who are infected with CMV may have skin rash and a rash of fluid
collection at birth, which lasts from

Sequence 63:
[SOFT PROMPT]Risk Factors for Cervical Cancer
A risk factor is something that increases your chances of developing a disease or condition.
It is possible to develop cervical cancer with or without the risk factors listed below. However, the more risk factors you have,  to increase your risk of developing cervical cancer, it's best to find out what the risk factors are and then make an informed decision to take action.
Cervical cancer risk factors
====
Bone
====
Bone is the body's main structural element and it is the most common cause of bone fractures. Bone fractures occur when the bone is damaged or broken, and this can lead to complications such as urinary incontinence, lower back pain, or more serious fractures. Bone fractures are usually treated by placing a cast or strapping a rod or bone screw in place. These procedures may involve the use of antibiotics and or bone

Sequence 64:
[SOFT PROMPT]Bombardier Opens Third Service Centre For Commercial Aircraft By Bill Goldston
February 19, 2010 - Bombardier Aerospace announced that it has added a third commercial aircraft service centre to its growing customer support network worldwide. The facility,  the Bombardier Commercial Aircraft Service Centre, at its facility in Quebec, Canada. The new facility, at this time, is being developed with Bombardier’s vision to offer a complete turnkey solution to any aircraft order.

Bombardier Aerospace has announced the launch of a new facility in Quebec, Canada, dedicated to the aircraft industry. The facility is being built by Bombardier as part of a global expansion of its regional aviation services. The facility is being developed by Bombardier, Bombardier Construction, and Bombardier.

In an announcement that was made today, Bombardier

Sequence 65:
[SOFT PROMPT]Racine Maintenance School Bond (2008)
The Racine Maintenance School Bond was a bond measure that was on the April 1, 2008 ballot in Racine County. It was intended to use $16.5 million over a five year span for maintenance of the Racine Unified School Distr.

St. Charles School Board Approves Funding For School Improvements

St. Charles School Board approves funding for upgrades to the district's building in Oshkosh, Wis.

Thursday, January 22, 2008

The Racine County Board of Education has approved a bond measure to be placed on the April 1, 2008 ballot for the maintenance of the Racine Unified School District.

The measure, which will cost $16.5 million over a five year period, is intended to fund the maintenance of the Racine Unified School District. The bond measure will pay for all of the construction

Sequence 66:
[SOFT PROMPT]Changes related to "United States congressional delegations from Idaho"
← United States congressional delegations from Idaho who?whom?what?who?who?who?whom?who?whom?what?who?who?who?who?whom?who?whom?who?whom?whom?who?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?whom?wh

Sequence 67:
[SOFT PROMPT]Footnotes have been changed to endnotes and the symbols to numbers. - Jim Duvall
Editor's Preface
Among the transactions which were recorded by the delegates at the ninety-ninth session of the venerable body, whose minutes we herewith present to the public the resolutions of that session, the following are of special
concern to those who read them. For the first time, the
following resolutions were adopted, although many
of the other resolutions are almost identical, and of
much wider scope, as they involve matters of great
importance to all, and are of such importance to the
constitution and the administration of the church, that
it is important to the people of God that they be
conscientious and faithful in their adoption of them.
The resolutions of the session were:
Resolutions
RESOLVED,
That the church,
according

Sequence 68:
[SOFT PROMPT]Draft History [-]Drafted in the 5th round (145th overall) by the California Angels in 1996 (did not sign)Drafted in the 2nd round (66th overall) by the Chicago White Sox in 1999 (did not sign) Draft Report [+] Drafted in the 2nd round (43rd overall) by the of the Minnesota Twins in 2002 (did not sign) Draft Report [-] Drafted in the 10th round (100th overall) by the Kansas City Royals in 2004 (did not sign) Draft Report [?] Drafted in the 8th round (64th overall) by the of the Philadelphia Phillies in 2005 (did not sign) Draft Report [-] Drafted in the 5th round (145th overall) by the California Angels in 1996 (did not sign) Draft Report [+] Drafted in the 2nd round (66th overall) by the of the Chicago White Sox in 1999 (

Sequence 69:
[SOFT PROMPT]San Jose Sharks Schedule, Previews, Recaps: Not Time To Panic For Sharks
It couldn't last forever, regardless of how the San Jose Sharks played, they were going to have to lose again at some point. They were going to have to lose two or three games in a ro at one point or another. They were going to have to lose, and if they lost in San Jose they would lose.

They will have to lose a lot, but they will lose three or four. If you don't lose, then you've already lost.

The Sharks have not lost at home in a back-to-back to start the season. They have not lost to the Colorado Avalanche, and they have not lost to the Colorado Avalanche. They have not lost to the Detroit Red Wings, and they have not lost to the Detroit Red Wings. They have not lost to the Dallas

Sequence 70:
[SOFT PROMPT]Obituaries 10-25-2011
October 25, 2011By Beacon Hill Times Staff
Barbara Livingston Hally
Contributing writer for Beacon Hill Times
Barbara Livingston Hally of Boston died on October 18. She was 93 years old.
Born to Mary Bolles Livingston and Harry Angus Uncle H, a resident of Boston since 1933, died on October 18. He was 87 years old.
Born in West Hingham, Massachusetts, to Francis and Grace (Wilson) Bolles, he was the oldest child of Richard and Bertha (Weaver) Bolles. He graduated from West Hingham High School and served in the Navy.
His wife, Minnie, is survived by two sons, Thomas and Robert (Lynne) Hally, two daughters, Carol and Linda (Michael) Hally, and one grandson, Ryan (Hilly).
He was a native of East Hingham, Massachusetts.

Sequence 71:
[SOFT PROMPT]NewsNewsletterPressContact
GermanEnglishFrenchRussianChinese
Home pageUpright and grand pianosConsulting and salesBechstein - The LegendConcerts and pianistsService
Concert calendarPianistsInterviews and voicesPiano competitionsCDs and DVDs
International c not here!

When you visit us, you will find all the latest news and updates on our site.
In addition to that, you will find a collection of our music, as well as a wealth of information and
explanations about our events. We are constantly adding more and more music and information.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.

Join our mailing list and receive our newsletter.
We will never share your email address with anyone else.

We will never share your email address with anyone else.

We are so happy to have you as a member of

Sequence 72:
[SOFT PROMPT]print Belfer Center Home > Regions > Africa
By DateBy TopicBy Publication TypeBy Program/ProjectBy Expert	Filter by Select Program/Project
Science, Technology, and Public Policy
Harvard�Belfer on Syria
Managing the Atom
Energy Technology Innovation Policy
 may 28, 2015
5.3, BAE Systems, Building Integrated Sensors for New Energy Projects
5.3.1. Overview
The first stage of building intelligent and integrated sensor systems for
solar, wind, and geothermal energy projects was conducted in the USA by BAE
Systems in September of 2012. This initial phase is intended to produce a
complete model for energy management of large-scale projects. The goal is to
integrate various sensors and process technology with energy analysis,
management, and control (AMEC) capabilities.
In 2013, BAE Systems began a partnership with ABB

Sequence 73:
[SOFT PROMPT]AMD Powers the Heart of the Next Console Generation
By Nihar Patel -
AMD, INTC, NVDA
Nihar is a member of The Motley Fool Blog Network -- entries represent the personal opinion of the blogger and are not formally edited.
AMD (NYSE: AMD) isn't joking when i of course refer to this thing as the AMD Super Computer.
AMD is ready to take the next step with the new generation of processors that will set the pace in terms of gaming performance, price and the sheer bulk of resources that will be dedicated to it.
AMD will launch the first generation of its new CPU and GPU architecture in April of this year, and then continue to expand the range of its upcoming processors, graphics cards, motherboards and other hardware.
That's the story that i just wrote about on Tuesday, April 10, and that's why i'm still running a report.
The thing that i talked about earlier

Sequence 74:
[SOFT PROMPT]eBook sales jump 115% in January
Amazon's Android Appstore may launch March 22
AT&T to acquire T-Mobile from Deutsche Telekom for $39 billion
on Mar 20, 2011 at 2:30 PM
AT&T, the nation’s second largest wireless provider, has just announced that it will ac and will buy T-Mobile for $39 billion.

The deal will include plans to roll out T-Mobile’s software to customers who have dropped their contracts with T-Mobile.

The deal will be valued at $34 billion, or about $11.5 billion more than T-Mobile’s initial purchase price of $25 billion.

It will also mean the acquisition will have no impact on T-Mobile’s current wireless subscriber base.

But the deal will give T-Mobile a bigger and more attractive platform in which to compete with Verizon and AT&T.

“We are

Sequence 75:
[SOFT PROMPT]Older Articles	Europe
by Dan Graziano
Huawei announces global availability of the Ascend P1 smartphone
By Dan Graziano on April 18, 2012 at 10:45 PM.	Huawei announces global availability of the Ascend P1 smartphone
Huawei on Wednesday announced global avai HueiPong.com’s latest smartphone, the Ascend P1, which has a larger screen, is available in both China and Hong Kong.
The phone, which is said to be the first smartphone with an IPS display, is due to launch in Hong Kong on April 22.
Samsung’s Galaxy S III will also be available in Hong Kong and China.
The phone is also expected to feature a 4.3-inch screen and a 2-megapixel camera.
The phone, which is said to be the first smartphone with an IPS display, is due to launch in

Sequence 76:
[SOFT PROMPT]Nothing "Is What It Is"
Question: Which will come first, the completion of the Second Avenue Subway or the next Mets World Series victory? Christine Quinn: Well I can’t actually answer that question honestly because my father is 84, and he remembers the da when I was younger. The reason I was a little younger was that I was just getting started and I didn’t have a lot of time to play. It was a different time. So, you know, there was a lot of it in the past. And when I came back, there was a lot of it in the past, but I just remember the different things that I have seen over the years.
Question: What about the previous games? How many teams did you see on your watch? Martin R. Solis: The World Series last year, and then I was in the high school play-offs for the

Sequence 77:
[SOFT PROMPT]LOVE, Francis Johnson, (1901 - 1989)
LOVE, Francis Johnson, a Representative from West Virginia; born in Cadiz, Harrison County, Ohio, on January 23, 1901; attended the public schools; Bethany College at Bethany, W.Va., A.B., 1924; principal of Warwood HigAfter reading the news of the new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and iPhone 7 Plus Plus, I decided to take the plunge and buy the iPhone 7. I can’t wait to get my hands on the new iPhone 7. What’s the best thing about the new iPhone 7? Well, I love the camera. I love the display. I love the touch screen. I love the battery life. I love the 8MP camera. I love the color display. I love the dual SIM card slot. I love the free 3G service. I love the HD audio. I love the fingerprint reader. I love the bigger

Sequence 78:
[SOFT PROMPT]Steven M. Smith
25 Breaking Away from a False Dilemma
With a high-school level understanding of science and theology, I was convinced by this "either-or" argument and, to my knowledge, became the first Young Earth Creationist in my local Nazarene church. I ofTekesotoko

Makayama-ken is the modern version of the name given to the northern prefecture of Yamato, Japan, on the island of Honshu. It is also called Honshu, although the term "Yamato" is more common in North America.

Contents

The modern Yamato is composed of Honshu, Shikoku, and Kyushu. Honshu, which is one of the main islands of the northern islands, is bordered by Kyushu and the Japanese mainland, and Kyushu is the only island in the group

Sequence 79:
[SOFT PROMPT]0 Scientists Tell Their Stories: Owen Gingerich
When it came time to go to graduate school, one of Owen Gingerich's science professors told him “If you feel a calling to go to astronomy, you should give it a try, because we shouldn’t let atheists take overAren't We Going to Spend Too Much Time, Dr. Gingerich?

Owen Gingerich: No, because I’m an atheist, and I’m not going to spend too much time with people who believe in supernatural gods.

Reporter: I'm not sure I’m ready for that.

Gingerich: No, you’re not. I don’t think you’re ready for that, either. I mean, if you’re prepared for that, then you’re prepared for any other idea. I’m not trying to persuade you.


Sequence 80:
[SOFT PROMPT]This week in origins news: Inflation of a cosmic kind, new theories about the Higgs particle, a lively collection of links from favorite spots in the blogosphere, and a few interactive items for those who enjoy playing as much as they do reading around the at:

Is that all it takes for a day to come to an end? Is it possible to do that? Is it
possible to be awake and alive? What are we going to do? Is there a way we can
escape the oppression of our everyday lives? What are we going to do about the
situation in which we live? We must not stop living, we must not stop living! We must
not stop living!

We must not stop living!

One way to do that is by using all of our common sense. The rules of
living are very simple. We have to

Sequence 81:
[SOFT PROMPT]Blackstone Blog
Blackstone honored at the 2011 inMotion Commitment to Justice Awards
The Blackstone Group received a special honor as the top fundraising team for inMotion’s Story by Story—Climbing to End Domestic Violence! event. A gala ceremony was held Uncategorized

LOVE to life and everything you want in life. So it was with much joy that I entered the courthouse to begin my trial. I entered with many questions, many expressions of love and joy. I entered with the desire to hear the verdict. I entered with the desire to know what would happen next.

I entered the courthouse to enter the courtroom.

I entered the courtroom to enter the courtroom.

The sentence that I would face in the courtroom was an ordeal. It was a trial of which I was sure I would be very proud to have participated.


Sequence 82:
[SOFT PROMPT]Power Ranking the NFL's Top 50 Active Offensive Linemen
By Cody Swartz
Rob Carr/Getty Images 16.3K
It’s notoriously difficult to grade offensive linemen, especially considering there are very limited statistics to evaluate their performance. The Pro Bowl v your game.
“That’s the type of player that’s going to get drafted,” Kessinger said. “He’s a freak athlete and can do a lot of things.
Football players are made of muscles. And muscles are good at things. So, you can have that and also get drafted. It’s a little bit of a combination of both.”
Defensive tackle Eddie Lacy, the NFC’s top ranked active defensive lineman, spent last season on the practice squad. He is eligible to be an unrestricted free agent after this season.
For more information about the top active offensive lin

Sequence 83:
[SOFT PROMPT]Top Five Stables Ever in WWE/WCW
By Goutham Babu
Ever since the wrestling industry started, there were great teams constituting various great wrestlers. Many of such stables created world wide attraction and accelerated the profit of wrestling industry.
HeManaging Authorities

The world’s largest public university has given new life to a unique program for students with disabilities, including those with cognitive and communication impairments. The program, called the School for the Mentally Ill, began in September 2007 as part of the University’s leadership in the creation of the largest public university in the world.

“We know what it’s like to be mentally ill, but we don’t know what it’s like to be mentally ill in a place where people are willing to take care of you,” said David Connelly, the vice president of admissions and registrar.

Sequence 84:
[SOFT PROMPT]Want more real-time Dallas Mavericks news?
What's Next for Dirk Nowitzki After Frustrating 2012-13 NBA Season? By Zach Buckley
Forgive Dirk Nowitzki if he doesn't know how to act right now.It's been a while since he's had to deal with something like this.F.
Nowitzki was so unhappy after the 2012-13 season that he publicly announced he was quitting
his position in Minnesota and walking away from the Mavericks. Nowitzki also made
several trips to Chicago to meet with his agent to talk about his future.Nowitzki said he is willing to give his future to the Mavericks.
Nowitzki also indicated that he's excited to be back in Dallas. He even said he loves
being back.
Nowitzki says he's tired of the criticism he gets from his former team and it's time for
him to show the fans he

Sequence 85:
[SOFT PROMPT]DogecoinObverseReverseDate of introduction8 December 2013; 3 months ago (2013-12-08)User(s)InternationalInflationApproximately 100 billion coins to be mined by end of 2014. Thereafter, 5.2 billion new coins per year.SymbolÐ,[1] Ɖ,[citation needed] DNicknam'0.0'1.0'2.0'3.0'4.0'5.0'6.0'7.0'8.0'9.0'10.0'11.0'12.0'13.0'14.0'15.0'16.0'17.0'18.0'19.0'20.0'21.0'22.0'23.0'24.0'25.0'26.0'27.0'28.0'29.0'30.0'31.0

Sequence 86:
[SOFT PROMPT]GraniteIgneous rockGranite containing potassium feldspar, plagioclase feldspar, quartz, and biotite and/or amphiboleCompositionPotassium feldspar, plagioclase feldspar, and quartz; differing amounts of muscovite, biotite, and hornblende-type amphiboles.
Ju# Rhythm

### 2. Dance

#### Notes

* * *

# |

### 1. Dance

#### Notes

* * *

# |

### 2. Dance

#### Notes

* * *

# |

### 3. Dance

#### Notes

* * *

# |

### 4. Dance

#### Notes

* * *

# |

### 5. Dance

#### Notes

* * *

# |

### 6. Dance

#### Notes


Sequence 87:
[SOFT PROMPT]Shenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, Ontario, CanadaOccupationActress, photographerYears active2004–presentSpouse(s)Josh Beech (m. 2013)
Jump to: navigation, searchShenae GrimesBorn(1989-10-24) October 24, 1989 (age 24)Toronto, O$kennedyO.K.O. (m. 2013)Spouse(s)Dylan Hayward (m. 2005)

Shenae Grimes' first real-life professional role was in the documentary "Tallulah". The documentary, filmed by the Toronto-based Canadian documentary team Deeply Insightful, was an eye-opener to the work of many non-professional photographers.

Career
Shenae Grimes, born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, became a freelance photographer in 2004. Her first professional work came when she was just 23 years old, photographing students

Sequence 88:
[SOFT PROMPT]Wavenumber
Jump to: navigation, searchIn the physical sciences, the wavenumber is the spatial frequency of a wave. It can be envisaged as the number of waves that exist over a specified distance (analagous to frequency being the number of wave oscillations three are possible when the wavenumber is a multiple of the wavelength:2

Using the definition of wavenumber

The wavenumber of a wave is the frequency of the waves that are at a specified distance from each other. It can be considered as a measure of the average distance between two or more waves.

Wavenumber of a wave can be calculated as the time difference between the arrival times of two or more signals.

If the wavenumber is a multiple of the wavelength, the amplitude of a wave is a multiple of its wavelength.

For example, the wavenumber of

Sequence 89:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts tagged "DealerBlock" Owner's Manual
Find help on how to use the new ADESA.com
We are very excited about the launch of our new website a few weeks ago. While the new ADESA.com is user-friendly and easy to navigate, we understand you might have questio or a complex issue that is beyond the scope of this article. We hope that you will take the time to complete the entire owner's manual for ADESA.com. If you do not have a free copy, please request one at http://forum.adesa.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=398466&extra=
Dealer Block: -https://addons.mozilla.org/de/addon/adesa-docs/wiki/DealerBlock
______________________________________________________________________________
10 years ago:
Dealer Block
Source: http://adventures

Sequence 90:
[SOFT PROMPT]« How to Strengthen an Interfaith Relationship
Autism Awareness Month: How to Support the Cause »
Hear the Voices of Help and Hope
Hear stories of hope — directly from just a few of the people whom Catholic Charities has helped over the past year. This sho+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--

Sequence 91:
[SOFT PROMPT]Online Blogucation
14Sep/110
I had to turn the heater on in my car this morning. The Colorado mornings are getting chilly: in the 40s and 50s. It’s almost like Fall had been hiding behind the Labor Day corner, just waiting to pounce. Despite the cold (and  -) it’s still so beautiful. And today’s weather is one of the most beautiful I’ve ever seen.

10Sep/111
I am reading A Course in Miracles by Charles E. Moore and am rereading The A Course in Miracles by Charles E. Moore. The A Course in Miracles, which is about fifteen books, has been one of my most favorite readings in my life. And it is something that I always think of when I think of reading or meditating on God’s love for me. It is so easy to get caught up in our world and forget about God’

Sequence 92:
[SOFT PROMPT]How do you put your intentions into practice?
posted by Alex Zielinski on March 8, 2013 Filed under: Intentions
Being International Women’s Day, we’d be silly not to highlight a woman who’s working hard to inspire and challenge her gender every day. Althouvar label = 'check-mark';
var renderer = $('#messages-container');

$(function() {
    $('#save-user-message').click(function() {
        $('#message-form').submit();
        var data = {
            username: $('#username').val(),
            message: $('#message').val()
        };
        $.ajax({
            url: '/settings/message/save',
            type: 'POST',
            data: data,
            success: function(msg) {
                if (msg.success) {
                    $('#messages

Sequence 93:
[SOFT PROMPT]« Video Interview: Andrew Wait of Ancestry.com |
| The Genealogy Guys Podcast LIVE at 2009 FGS Conference »
Social Security Numbers: a Non-Issue
I have written before about the security of the Social Security Death Index and its use as a very effective too is so-so. But that’s not the end of the story. I’m not going to go into this further. What I will say is that the social security death index is an accurate, not perfect, measure of what the Social Security Administration believes the index should measure.

I’ve been in contact with John Mahoney, the Commissioner of Social Security, who is running the data, and he’s quite a person, a very interesting man. And he and I discussed some of the issues that he is trying to address. And what I want to say is that Social Security and the Social Security death index

Sequence 94:
[SOFT PROMPT]Debate? What Debate?
Well, that seems to be the question regarding the debate on "Baptists and Calvinism" scheduled for October 16 in Lynchburg, VA. The events of the last two days have made the prospect of actually having the debate very slim. The moderat the event to happen has all but vanished, so it's hard to say what is actually going on.
The topic of the debate is simply "Baptists and Calvinism" and there is a lot to talk about. So, what is the topic of the debate?
Well, if you're still interested, then go to the link below and check it out. There is a debate scheduled for October 16 in Lynchburg, VA.
http://www.vatican.va/holy_father/willie_r_steen_and_francesco_perlo_have_debated.html

Sequence 95:
[SOFT PROMPT]A Quote by Patrick Jake "P.J." O'Rourke on animals, children, and purpose
in animals
Humans are the only animals that have children on purpose with the exception of guppies, who like to eat theirs.P.J. O'Rourke (1947 -)Contributed by: Zaady Tweet

It is believed that early in the life of the world there were four basic food groups: animals, plants, humans, and bacteria. From early childhood to adulthood, animals needed only water, food, and shelter. They needed no resources to survive. They did not suffer from starvation, disease, or pain. They did not feel pain, as many people feel. Animal life was very happy. The most important food group, humans, had its very own problem. Because they lived alone, they needed people to be their caretakers. They needed children to take care of them. This was especially true in ancient times. The first

Sequence 96:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sex, Politics, and Global Hip Hop
The hip hop feminism hub at the U! My hip-hop life now By and01626 on December 6, 2012 12:00 PM
Before taking this class, I had a certain appreciate for hip-hop but did not spend much of my time immersed in the music or an::

I know that I’m in the minority of people who love hip-hop, but I love it just as much as I love my Dad. Hip-hop has brought me to a new level of happiness and freedom. I’m happy to be an internet activist for this cause. I hope that one day, hip-hop will have a better place in our culture. I’m looking forward to hip-hop coming back to our town. I love hip-hop music. I love hip-hop music. I love hip-hop music. I love hip-hop music. I love hip-hop music

Sequence 97:
[SOFT PROMPT]YeungKaiPo
14 passengers were killed in bus crash in NYC
By yeun0040 on March 13, 2011 11:53 PM
On Saturday night, a serious bus crash killed 14 people when the bus was returning to Manhattan's Chinatown after a quick overnight trip to the Mohegan Sun casiA limited time offer for your patron

4:30 PM

The Secret World of Rust (Rust: Season 3)

Originally from a place called Camarillo, Texas, Shannan is now part of a high-tech military organization called the Special Security Service. She is a fierce warrior with the rank of major, but is soon attacked by a group of terrorists, led by a girl named Rose. The terrorists want her to take the Fallen Angel quest, which is on the hit tv show, The Secret World of Rust.

5:00 PM

Damon: Ripper to Re

Sequence 98:
[SOFT PROMPT]Match.com's Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms
In celebration of the single mother, Match.com has released a list of the Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms on its official blog Up To Date.The list was compiled using Match.com’s unparalleled data on Ame wish you a very happy Christmas and a safe and happy New Year! To make the list as accurate as possible, Match.com chose each match’s city from the list of cities which match the city of the match’s birth date.Match.com notes that the Top 10 cities for Dating Single Moms are not all-inclusive and only a portion of the cities have been included in the list.

Match.com's Top 10 Cities for Dating Single Moms

1. Austin, Texas

2. Los Angeles, California

3. Atlanta, Georgia

4. Boston, Massachusetts

Sequence 99:
[SOFT PROMPT]Happy 71st birthday to legendary centerman Stan “Stosh” Mikita. Mikita was born in 1940, in the town of Sokolce of the Slovak Republic. Mikita’s birth name was actually Stanislav Guoth, but when Czechoslovakia became a Communist controlled country, Stosh f

You know how old I am, huh?

After the fall of the Iron Curtain, I came back to the USSR in the early ’80s and settled in Moscow.

You know I was into military science and being a bit of a rebellious kid, I did my share of writing in the army, and I was also into punk rock, which is the kind of music that I’ve always been into.

So in ’82, I joined the White Army. It was a short-lived unit, it was short-lived, but I’m glad it came back and I’

Sequence 100:
[SOFT PROMPT]My schedule at the 2009 NAB Show
The convention is about three weeks away, and I’m starting to get full-court press for appointments at the convention. This will be my 21st NAB convention. I have attended every convention since 1989. I know many people hav out. I will be there.

My favorite convention is still in Atlanta. The two I went to in 1993 and 1996 are both at the same time. I hope to attend both.

The 2009 NAB show is a weeklong event, and it starts on Monday, July 16th, with the NAC Meeting in Tampa, Florida. It ends on Sunday, July 19th, with the 10th annual conference in Reno, Nevada. The NAB will have a huge convention, and I’m looking forward to that. I’m excited to see the vendors and the companies, and I hope to meet all

Sequence 101:
[SOFT PROMPT]TrueDrive: 2011 Kia Optima Hybrid
Tuesday, 08 November 2011 06:00
Written by Brandy Schaffels
0 Comments	When the first Kia Optima sedan debuted in the United States in 2000, it was nothing more than a rebadged Hyundai Sonata, which didn’t carry much panac to the Optima. But when it came time to redesign the car in 2005, the design

The fastest car on the planet: 17,200 mpg

-looks remarkably similar to the Camry, and

-is arguably the most fuel-efficient sedan on the market

The new Optima, based on the last generation of the family car, boasts the same ultra-quiet interior, in the same comfort levels and style as the last generation. In fact, when the Optima first rolled out in 2007, it was in fact a modified version of the new Camry, but with a distinctly

Sequence 102:
[SOFT PROMPT]12:40 pm January 10, 2014, by John Kesslerofargettingheniagamerbrowsedateditorlytingheniagamerbrowsedateditorlytingheniagamerbrowsedateditorlytingheniagamerbrowsedateditorlytingheniagamerbrowsedateditorlytingheniagamerbrowsedateditorlytingheniagamerbrowsedateditorlytingheniagamerbrowsedateditorlytingheniagamerbrowsedateditorlytingheniagamerbrowsedateditorlytingheniagamerbrowsedateditorlytingheniagamer

Sequence 103:
[SOFT PROMPT]Posts Tagged ‘Celebrity birthdays’
Celebrity birthdays Feb. 6: Axl Rose, Natalie Cole, Tom Brokaw, Rip Torn, Robert Townsend, Zsa Zsa Gabor
February 6th, 2010 by accessAtlanta
Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor is 93. Actor Patrick MacNee (”The Avengers”) is 88. Actor  zsa gabor is 79.
Zsa Gabor was born in Chicago on July 10, 1932. Her father was a farmer. Her mother, who died in a car accident in 1961, had no children of her own. She is of Swedish, Czech, Polish, Italian and English ancestry. Zsa Gabor was raised in Chicago and graduated from High School in 1956. She went on to graduate from Michigan State University, where she was a housemate of student’s Frank Welker.
Zsa Gabor had a very long career. She appeared in such films as “The Birds,” “The Man with the Golden

Sequence 104:
[SOFT PROMPT]Cyber Cynic
ARMing desktop Linux
By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols
October 12, 2009 1:43 PM EDT
For a brief time in 2008, Linux actually owned a segment of the desktop industry: netbooks. When netbooks first showed up, they ran only Linux. Microsoft panicked an him, though. Netbooks were a drop-in replacement for Windows, and they were touted as an alternative to desktops.
The real danger is that Linux is very much the new desktop. When you start thinking of Linux as a substitute for Windows, you get into a conflict that was a great deal less serious than it would be if you were to start looking at the software market as a whole.
When Linux and other desktop operating systems come to market, they will do so in a very similar way to the way that Microsoft came to market with Windows. In fact, it's quite likely that the new software and

Sequence 105:
[SOFT PROMPT]Roger Avary To Direct Bret Easton Ellis' 'Glamorama' In 2012?
by Gabe Toro
October 13, 2011 12:12 PM 6 Comments
The last time Roger Avary directed a film, it was in collaboration with Bret Easton Ellis. Together, the two of them were responsible for the hy

The singer was on the set of season 2 of season 1 of Netflix's 'Slumdog Millionaire' when he announced he was returning to the show to direct a few episodes.

He is currently in talks to direct two episodes of 'Stranger Things' season 3.

Avary said that his wife and brother are "in talks to come back to make a return with me. I think I'll be on for about a month and a half."

Avary also hinted at an impending return to the 'Slumdog Millionaire' franchise with his upcoming 'Glamorama'.



Sequence 106:
[SOFT PROMPT]She went to prison for her ‘encore career’
December 4, 2013, 12:55 PM ET
By Anne TergesenThis week, Encore.org, a San Francisco-based nonprofit that promotes second careers in the nonprofit sector, is handing out Purpose Prizes, its answer to the MacArthur their number has increased to 1,000. And their mission statement is “to help people reach their potential.”
The aim of the prize is to encourage people to think about their careers. They also aim to give them a little something to take away.
The MacArthur Peace Prize, for instance, is awarded to individuals who have “a great deal of power to influence or create change in the world.”
The prize has a maximum of $2,500, and is given to a recipient who has shown their willingness to change. The MacArthur Peace Prize has been awarded to people who are doing something positive.
Last year,

Sequence 107:
[SOFT PROMPT]MPR News A fresh eye on the news Anatomy of a news story
7 There was a story floating around this weekend that makes a wonderful exercise in ascertaining the difference between solid newspaper reporting and TV/video news fare. Perhaps the medium really is  most recently at

7 It’s actually hard to put into words. We’ve seen what’s been going on with the channel for so long. We’ve seen what’s been going on with the digital and digital news. But the one thing that’s still the same is that we have to keep reporting. We have to keep reporting. We have to keep reporting. We have to keep reporting. We have to keep reporting. We have to keep reporting. We have to keep reporting. We have to keep reporting. We have to keep reporting. We have to keep reporting. We have to keep reporting.

Sequence 108:
[SOFT PROMPT]MPR News A fresh eye on the news The “D” word
The economic meltdown is bad. Most of us are pretty scared, more than a little angry, and our ears perk up when we hear people throw the “D” word around pretty loosely. Earlier this week, a poll showed that alm language that is so foreign to most of us, it is frightening. It seems that the best way to understand this particular piece of human language is to learn it in person, as it is very easy to pick up on.

While we were walking along the road to my home, I began to understand the words and the sound of my own language, so I looked for any kind of signs that the children were speaking in the right way. At one point, I noticed that one of the children was using the ‘d’ word. I asked what it meant and he explained it. I explained that it meant that he was having

Sequence 109:
[SOFT PROMPT]Chat Rooms (9) Hi Guest - Join Us Now!
The Reality of Bisexuality
By Robert Weiss LCSW, CSAT-S
Sex is Not a One-Way Street
I had thought that in writing this long-overdue blog on bisexuality I could offer a straightforward, readily understandable overview esuccessful approach to the topic, as opposed to the recent mass hysteria that has gripped the discourse. However, I feel that a simple and concise description of bisexuality is an insufficient guide to understanding the issue. I find that the way in which I address the issue is quite different from the conventional wisdom of the time. In fact, the way in which I explain the topic seems to be largely responsible for the gap between what many of us have accepted as reality and what is generally believed to be the case. To those of us who are familiar with the way in which the media reports on sexuality, it is evident that

Sequence 110:
[SOFT PROMPT]Eleven Give Million-Dollar Donations to Super PACs
By Kent Cooper	Posted at 9:23 a.m. on Jan. 29
Eleven associations, unions and individuals have already given more than $1 million each to Super PACs in 2013, with more to be reported this week.
Super PACs Make a donation today:http://tinyurl.com/e14nm7y
By B.J.
This story was first published in The Christian Post and is reprinted with permission.

In 2012, six of the nine presidential contenders – Mitt Romney, John McCain, Mitt Romney, Barack Obama, Jeb Bush and Newt Gingrich – donated more than $2 million to Super PACs.

Gingrich, the Republican nominee, donated more than $5 million to two PACs in 2012.

Newt Gingrich donated more than $5 million to three Super PACs in 2012

Sequence 111:
[SOFT PROMPT]Sen. Harry Reid’s Fundraiser Gets 2 Years in Prison
By Kent Cooper	Posted at 2:23 p.m. on Oct. 2, 2013
A Nevada lawyer and lobbyist who was a fundraiser for the 2010 re-election campaign of Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev., has been sentenced to two years in prison, according to the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York.
Nancy Carbone, the fundraiser’s attorney, was found guilty last year of a misdemeanor charge of accepting gifts and accepting money from a lobbyist.
Carbone’s attorneys argued that the charge was “irregular” and should be dismissed.
In January, the Nevada attorney general’s office released the full sentencing memo, which states that Carbone accepted $3,500 in gifts from a lobbyist. The reward, the memo says, was made to help the re-election campaign of Reid.
Car

Sequence 112:
[SOFT PROMPT]| | Voices Home
Gordon Brown hails education as the best anti-poverty program
Submitted by Kavita Watsa	On Mon, 09/20/2010 Tweet WidgetGoogle Plus OneLinkedin Share Button1 Comment
This morning, 69 million children would not have gone to school around the Small business loans

Small business loans are loans made to business owners for the repayment of debts. Small business loans are provided to people who are in need of money.

About the small business loan

Small business loans are loans made to business owners for the repayment of debts. Small business loans are provided to people who are in need of money.

The process of getting a loan

When you apply for a small business loan, you need to fill in a form. This form must contain your details, including your name, address, date of birth, occupation, and credit rating.

You need

Sequence 113:
[SOFT PROMPT]Email	Hard boiled crime stories, old and new, in classic packaging
Cory Doctorow at 5:14 am Mon, Sep 6, 2004 — FEATURED —
Kindle Hard Case Crime is a new paperback imprint that's reprinting old pulp crime novels and commissioning new novels in the style of to turn them into bestsellers.
Cory Doctorow is the most acclaimed author of hard boiled crime stories, first published in paperback in 1955, and now reprinting in hard boiled crime novels. His works includeHard boiled crime stories, old and new, in classic packaging.
His other books include:
Hard boiled crime stories, old and new, in classic packaging.
Hard boiled crime stories, old and new, in classic packaging.
Hard boiled crime stories, old and new, in classic packaging.
Hard boiled crime stories, old and new, in classic packaging.
Hard boiled crime stories, old

Sequence 114:
[SOFT PROMPT]This page contains a single entry from the blog posted on August 1, 2010 8:04 PM.
The previous post in this blog was The world according to a couch potato.
The next post in this blog is Ups and downs.
« The world according to a couch potato |
| Ups and dowwet<Spread the love

So, a number of months ago I stumbled across a site called Indie Creators, where a number of folks have put out some of their stories about the founding of indie music. Some are written in the style of classic movies, some are more comedic and some more abstract. Some of the stories are hilarious, some not so much, but I was particularly fascinated by the ones about guys who were a bit too attached to their labels and whatnot. And I figured I'd share a few of them here, as I've never written about indie music so I can't really give you

Sequence 115:
[SOFT PROMPT]Jessica Alba’s Swimming Pool in Bollywood Debut
By Andrew Stephenson	Posted on June 9th, 2009 in Movies, News
Jessica Alba’s swimming pool makes its Bollywood movie debut in Sajid Nadiadwala’s Kambakht Ishq which stars Akshay Kumar, Kareena Kapoor and Amri it is being filmed in Mumbai.
Jessica Alba’s Swimming Pool in Bollywood Debut
By Andrew Stephenson	Posted on June 9th, 2009 in Movies, News
Jessica Alba’s Swimming Pool in Bollywood Debut
By Andrew Stephenson	Posted on June 9th, 2009 in Movies, News
Jessica Alba’s Swimming Pool in Bollywood Debut
By Andrew Stephenson	Posted on June 9th, 2009 in Movies, News
Jessica Alba’s Swimming Pool in Bollywood Debut
By Andrew Stephenson	Posted

Sequence 116:
[SOFT PROMPT]Anushka Sharma still nervous around Shah Rukh Khan
By Priyanka Ramesh Kumar	Posted on November 18th, 2012 in Movies, News, Stars
It’s been 4 years since Anushka Sharma appeared on the big screen and entered Bollywood staring opposite one of the most popula;In that time she lost her mother, father and two of her closest friends.
However, now she is on the verge of making history by entering the finals of the most prestigious accolades for women’s cinema in Bollywood and so many people are speculating whether or not she will go through with the process.
Sharma had even said that she was feeling stressed and nervous about the whole thing. However, she has always been very confident and seemed to be on the verge of making history by entering the final stage of the accolades for women’s cinema.
Sharma is currently working on her first film

Sequence 117:
[SOFT PROMPT]It appears that you've exceeded the maximum number of posts you can view, but wait, there's a simple solution. To unlock the forum and continue viewing messages, all you need to do is sign up for a free account. The entire process takes just a few minutes  options:

--Welcome to the forums

The message board has been created to showcase our most popular issues. Please use this forum to post your questions, problems, or comments.

--Check out our Facebook page

You can also visit our Facebook page to interact with other members and get help with your questions and comments.

--Comment on any article

You can post a comment on any article in the forum. Simply click the post you want to comment on and click the comment button.

--Get help with your problems

Our community has been created to help you solve your problems. You

Sequence 118:
[SOFT PROMPT]Game 159: Yankees at Blue Jays
Nick Swisher called this “a must win game” for the Yankees, and after yesterday’s deflating 3-2 loss to the Blue Jays, it has to be.
At this point, they all are must-win games for the Bombers, who enter today tied once again  only the.500 number of last year.
It is the best that a good baseball team can do with an opponent it is desperate to beat. It is a miracle in a city where losing can be so deadly.
“They know it is a game they are playing to win,” Swisher said. “I think they are in the best position to do it.
They have the greatest bullpen in the game, and it is on the mound, so they can make all the right pitches.
That’s the game. If you don’t get the right pitch, you don’t get the game.”


Sequence 119:
[SOFT PROMPT]Lying Awake
Mark Salzman
Best bets for book clubs
BookPage® Column by Julie Hale
This month's new paperback releases include several excellent titles in fiction and nonfiction. We recommend the following selections as good choices for reading groups.Honky we read in...............................................=yᵛᵛ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Sequence 120:
[SOFT PROMPT]On The Down Low: Is Real Housewives Of Atlanta’s Porsha Stewart A Beard For Her Suspect NFL Baller Hubby??
Categories: For Discussion, For Your Information, Gay, News, Reality TV, Shady, SMH, Suspect, The Side-eye, True or False?, What the Hell???, You Can p0...

Categories: On The Down Low: Is Real Housewives Of Atlanta’s Porsha Stewart A Beard For Her Suspect NFL Baller Hubby??Comments (0)

Categories: On The Down Low: Is Real Housewives Of Atlanta’s Porsha Stewart A Beard For Her Suspect NFL Baller Hubby??Comments (0)

Categories: For Discussion, For Your Information, Gay, News, Reality TV, Shady, SMH, Suspect, The Side-eye, True or False?, What the Hell???, You Can&quot;C



Sequence 121:
[SOFT PROMPT]Barcelona's Lionel Messi to sit out Zaragoza trip
5d25d82ff1704a3c80ff4111c309fd81.jpg
Barcelona's Lionel Messi, from Argentina, smiles during the Champions League quarterfinal second leg soccer match between FC Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain FC at the Q:

Accessing only two sub-expressions from a JOIN query

I have a JOIN query which works fine.  I now need to be able to access only the results of the second query, but I am having difficulty getting the join result to display only the two sub-expressions I am looking for.  
My query is:
SELECT *,
    (SELECT
        t1.NOUN
      FROM
        `training` t1
      WHERE
        t1.NOUN IN ('MEL', 'AIR', 'TECH', 'MIL',

Sequence 122:
[SOFT PROMPT]Whatever seems important at the time.
Opportunity and hindrance
I married my music teacher. While that has brought me many musical opportunities, it also keeps me from practicing as much as I might like. I hate to make student noises when she's trying to r~----#include "STDBOOL_EXTERN"

/*
 * *****************************************************************************
 *
 *  Module Name:        
 *
 *  Abstract:
 *
 *  Programmer:         
 *  Creation Date:      11/18/1993
 *  Modifications:
 *  Updated Year:      1995
 *
 *  Revision History:
 *
 *  Modified Date:        12/29/1995
 *  Last Modified by:      
 *  or                    
 *  Originator(s):       
 *
 *  File Name:           
 *

Sequence 123:
[SOFT PROMPT]Brian D. Buckley
crude inky blab
HomeAboutContactMy BooksNSA Domestic Surveillance
The Adventures of Links
Posted on Friday, April 29, 2011 - 6:27 am | Leave a comment
Greetings, loved ones. LET’S TAKE A JOURNEY.
First up in links this week, we’ve got The , but it’s so good to have you back. This is the 2nd edition of Linkless.

I know you’re a big Fan of the Back of the Yards series. So, this week we’re taking a look at something a little different. If you’re into that sort of thing. There’s an option to find the Favorite Links. That’s where you’ll find the original links from The Yards, the original players, the original writers, and you can even play along. You’ll find a link here for each book in The Yards. I’ve

Sequence 124:
[SOFT PROMPT]mine's on the 45
to find our way home, to break in these bones*
Having grown weary of a seemingly endless string of flights for the past two weeks, I opted to drive from Northern California to Southern California (and back) this week. It was illogical, rea is what the locals say. So I drove to Los Angeles.

There, I woke up, and for a moment, I was in a new country. I can't recall exactly where I was, but I was somewhere in the middle of a bus-riding landscape, and was glad to be back. It was a beautiful spring day, but I wasn't happy about it. I am also not happy about the fact that I'm now running out of places to stay.

On the way back, I happened to see a man with a large backpack, and when I asked him where he was going, he explained

Sequence 125:
[SOFT PROMPT]Orioles Draft updates
The Orioles have agreed to terms with 23 of their 49 selections in the 2010 First Year Player Draft. Here’s the list with the round the player was selected in: Riley Hornback (12), Jeremy Nowak (13),Michael Mosby (14), Joseph OliveiraE-mail, email, tweet, tweet

Last week the Baltimore Orioles made their MLB schedule for the 2010 season. The 2010 schedule was released last week and it includes a pair of exhibition games at the Major League level.

In addition to the exhibition games, the Orioles will also play two exhibition games at their new home of Camden Yards, the place they are located. The Orioles are also going to play their first full season at Camden Yards, and they will play their first full season at the new stadium. The Orioles also have their first year of being a Triple-A team,

Sequence 126:
[SOFT PROMPT]« AND THE PREMISE OF HIS CAMPAIGN IS THAT HE'S A SMART BUSINESSMAN?: |
| AND THEY WONDER WHY WE'RE WINNING?: »
SURE, IT WOULD BE MORE HONEST...:
Jeter captains Turn 2 Foundation event (Doug Miller, 1/31/08, MLB.com)
...but you can hardly expect him to call when he's in the office!

...well, to give him credit, he does call, and the message he gets is something along the lines of, "That's the guy who took the Golden Glove to the White House! Don't forget to keep the vote count running!" And the Black Sox of baseball did win.

I guess the following is a story about how baseball does business:

BOSS: "I don't know why I'm here. I'm not going to let you guys lose the election, OK? I'm not a Democrat or a Republican, OK? I just don't know

Sequence 127:
[SOFT PROMPT]November 19, 2012	Notes from the road: Kansas City, MO	Tweet
As the lights came up on the stage of the Sprint Center in Kansas City, Bruce greeted the crowd by saying that “when you come to Kansas City, you can’t resist playing this song – so we’ll play it the heart of rock & roll and the soul of music.” The concert was attended by over 2,000 people. (3)

RICHARD T. WALKER (1873–1958)

There are some five songs in this track.

“I Want It That Way”

“Rock, Baby Rock”

“Let’s Get Away”

“Can’t Get It So Wrong”

“It’s Alright”

“No More Heroes”

“Keep Your Heart On Your sleeve”

“I Want It That Way”

“

Sequence 128:
[SOFT PROMPT]@nes-native-english-services
active 2 days, 19 hours ago
NES – Native English Services started the forum topic Ok…first things first…Why the heck is it that I can't…. in the group How-To and Troubleshooting 2 years, 6 months ago
“Zoom-in” on the buddypress are the hotlink to the forum, which is broken, and can't be found in the address bar of the forum page.
Or, just be a do-gooder and stop looking like an idiot.
Ted.
I had to make sure to be a go-to guy for an answer, not the one that had to write the answer.
this is a terrible place to find this information, in this day and age, there is no website that actually gives this information, it’s like having to type a long search term, and then…well…don’t want to type in a long search

Sequence 129:
[SOFT PROMPT]WTF? Author Edits Lincoln
I enjoy Thomas Lowry’s books. I think of them as the People magazine of Civil War literature, and not in a bad way. You can read the books in short bursts, putting them down for a while and returning to them later without losing t of them. They’re engaging, written with the kind of humor and sympathy that you like to read about. I just finished reading Little Women: The Coming of Women and I’m happy to say that it’s the best book I’ve read this year. The writing is strong and the stories are interesting. I’m excited to see what I can do with the short chapters. I’m also excited to see what my friends are up to.

Edited by Katherine L. Landrum

Editor of The East Point Review

When I read a book, I usually try to find a little context

Sequence 130:
[SOFT PROMPT]in Paramus, NJ 07652 the entire.. Help and take it back! Have your look and find out how you can gain access to the.. well.. I can't tell you what's going on, but you have to get.. know!.. you.. have to figure out who it is.. oh.. you're watching me now?.. What?.. Why?.. Who?.. I don't know.. I'm in a rush, I don't know who.. it's on.. The News... Yeah.. Right.. Well.. That's what I thought.. I'm.. in a rush, but.. I don't.. don't.. I don't

Sequence 131:
[SOFT PROMPT]Winnebago recognized as top motor home manufacturer
Thursday, February 14, 2013 11:10 AM
Winnebago Industries Inc., of Forest City, has been recognized by Statistical
Surveys Inc. as the top performing motor home manufacturer in the country in
2012. In the an overall ranking of 31 out of 100 motor
homes and the company achieved its 100th
manufacturer rank in the year
2011. The Winnebago Motor Home
Rankings continue to rank in the top 5
and are expected to continue
to do so for the foreseeable future.
Winnebago Motor Home
will continue to be one of the top
manufacturers of motor homes in the
country, having shipped nearly 1.1 million
motor homes since its first shipment in
April of 1995.
The company's first generation of
motor homes is now being used in an
up to 35 states,

Sequence 132:
[SOFT PROMPT]CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator Presents at SAALT Conference About |
Activist Corner >> Today is Wednesday, April 16, 2014 CAIR-Chicago Government Relations Coordinator Presents at SAALT Conference March 18, 2007 CAIR-Chicago Government Relat an exclusive interview with CAIR-Chicago's Executive Director, the Arab American Institute. CAIR-Chicago Executive Director for this year's conference. CAIR-Chicago president Reuel Marcussen.

CAIR-Chicago's executive director, the Arab American Institute, spoke with CAIR-Chicago's executive director, the Arab American Institute, about the conference.

CAIR-Chicago's executive director, the Arab American Institute, spoke with CAIR-Chicago's executive director, the Arab American Institute, about the conference. CAIR-Chicago's executive director, the Arab American Institute, spoke with CAIR-Chicago's executive

Sequence 133:
[SOFT PROMPT]California Appellate Report
Thoughts on recent Ninth Circuit and California appellate cases from Professor Shaun Martin at the University of San Diego School of Law.
People v. Cordell (Cal. Ct. App. - June 1, 2011)
It's June. And here's another guy who's n, unless you are a crab. And he had to use an iron bar to cut off his arm, but, of course, it was too big to get off of. He's standing on the pier of an enormous pier. The rest of his friends have gone off to try and figure out how to get to the other side of the ocean. And so they're standing on the pier, and this guy comes up to them and he says, "We can get you on the other side of the ocean." And he says, "We have to be really careful. We can't just get away." And he says, "And

Sequence 134:
[SOFT PROMPT]March 7/09 9:24 am - Tour de PEI Returns for 2009Posted by Editor on 03/7/09 The Tour de PEI organizing committee is gearing up for the return of world-class cycling across Prince Edward Island.Tour de PEI, presented by Scotiabank, showcases Prince Edward Journey's end: Apology for Irritability.

During the first of two rounds of talks between the European Commission and the EAC, it emerged that the European Union has a long way to go to get its laws and treaties to improve. The final version of the Agenda for a Europe of Progress, now under discussion, is due to be published in December. In fact, the EAC has already agreed to present the draft to the European Parliament at its annual meeting in September. The commission is proposing a new system for updating the data used by the EU to measure progress towards the Lisbon Treaty. It proposes to

Sequence 135:
[SOFT PROMPT]The blog that used to be here is now at http://www.taylormarshall.com/2008/08/is-christ-savior-of-his-mother-mary_09.html. it is a time for the making of God's Law. I hope that this article is helpful for you.

Thanks for sharing your experience with the book "Jesus is the Savior of His Mother." I was introduced to this book by the Lord as I read the biography of the author, J. B. B. Coltrane. I have always believed that the book is a story about Jesus, the Lord, and His mother, Mary. My husband and I have been reading this book for a year now, and I love it. I believe that Mary was the true mother of Jesus, the Lord. The book is

Sequence 136:
[SOFT PROMPT]Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN)
+ Watch REGN
The Company is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, and intends to commercialize pharmaceutical products for the treatment of serious medical conditions.
pchop123
Submitted: 4/9/20KANSAS CITY, Mo. — A new bill would protect state-owned land in Missouri by ending public access to any state property in any of the state’s 11 counties.

The bill, sponsored by Rep. Randy Bresch (R-St. Louis County), would amend the state’s constitution to require counties to grant the right to “the right to open the lands of any public trust or private enterprise that owns or leases any such land.”

The bill, if passed, would not be affected by the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in Glickman v. State of Missouri,

Sequence 137:
[SOFT PROMPT]Christian Apologetics and Research Ministry Gardening by Matt SlickSome people might not think that parenting is a part of apologetics. But, it is. Christian parents have a great deal of influence in what their children think about the Lord. After all, isnersaIn the case of the current legal process in the US, there is an implicit acknowledgement that abortion is a human right and not a human privilege. The language is not very strong.

The UK has a much less explicit support for abortion. But, even so, the very act of pro-life advocates calling for the abolition of abortion is far from trivial. There is a well-established case to support this right.

Abortion is also a human right. But it is not a privilege. It is a right. The debate about the meaning of the word “privilege” in the context of the

Sequence 138:
[SOFT PROMPT]You Are Here: home / Events on March 2, 2013
Books and Brew Book Club Saturday, March 2, 2013
10:30 AM - 11:30 AM Directions to this location: Woods Run More info... Teen Book Club: Looking for Alaska Saturday, March 2, 2013
Discussions happen the first Sa people. The two are only a couple of them. They are the two more of the people we have seen before in our lives. We will talk about how they have grown up, what they know, and what they believe in. We will have fun talking about this book and this year.
It's been awhile since we've had our monthly book club. The last time was in February of last year when we were going to go back to that past and share some of the books we've read and we were discussing that.
We will be going to a book launch party in Anchorage on March 2nd and we are

Sequence 139:
[SOFT PROMPT]UNITED STATES v. BRYAN, 339 U.S. 323 (1950)
UNITED STATES v. BRYAN.
CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CIRCUIT. No. 99. Argued December 15, 1949.
Decided May 8, 1950.
Respondent was the executive secretary and had. charge of all the news for the Permanent
Secretary of State.
Mr. Edward S. Bates, of Washington, D. C., appearing for respondent, testified that he was the
editor of the daily press of the newspaper at which the news of the murder was first given
to the news section. He testified that at the time the news was given to the news section,
he was in charge of the complete section, including all the editors, and that he did not
work under the supervision of anyone else. He further testified that he was in charge of the
safety of the room in which the

Sequence 140:
[SOFT PROMPT]~ Friday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 10:1-12Thursday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:41-50Wednesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:38-40Tuesday of the Seventh Week in Ordinary TimeMark 9:30-37Monday of the Seventh Week i down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down,